
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai 400 079 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
Q1FY11 Conference Call Transcript  
12.00 noon, Monday, July 26, 2010 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products 
Limited Q1 FY11 earnings conference call, hosted by Alchemy Share and Stock Brokers 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today‟s opening remarks. If you should 
need assistance during this conference call please signal an operator by entering * and then 0 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ajay Thakur of Alchemy Share and Stock Brokers Private Limited. 
Thank you and over to your Mr. Thakur. 
Ajay Thakur: Thank you Rochelle. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of 
Alchemy Share and Stock Brokers, I welcome you all to the first quarter earnings conference 
call of Godrej Consumer Private Limited. To discuss the results we have with us Mr. Adi Godrej, 
the Chairman, Mr. A. Mahendran, Managing Director, Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer 
and Mr. P. Ganesh, Executive Vice President (Finance & Commercial) and Company 
Secretary. Now I would hand over the floor to Mr. Godrej for his initial remarks followed by the 
Q&A session. 
Adi Godrej: Thank you and good afternoon. I welcome all of you to this conference call to 
discuss our 1st quarter results and performance. As mentioned, joining me today on this call are 
Mr. A. Mahendran, Managing Director, Vivek Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer and P. Ganesh, 
Executive Vice President – Finance & Commercial and Company Secretary. 
Driven by our 3x3 strategy we completed the following acquisitions during the quarter. On 28th 
May 2010 we acquired the balance 51% stake in Godrej Sara Lee Limited, which has now been 
renamed as Godrej Household Products Limited. On May 17th 2010, we completed the 
acquisition of PT Megasari in Makmur Group and its distribution company in Indonesia. On 
June 2nd, 2010, we completed the acquisition of 100% stake in Laboratoria Cuenca, Consell 
SA, Issue Uruguay, and Issue Brazil collectively referred to as the Issue Group. On June 16th, 
2010, we acquired worldwide rights of Tura from the Tura Group. On July 8th, 2010, we 
acquired 100% stake in Argencos, a mid-size Argentine hair care company.  

 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
I will now take you through the financial performance and developments in our domestic and 
international businesses during the quarter. Please note that our consolidated results include 
financials of subsidiaries from the date of completions of the acquisitions during the quarter. In 
the next quarter it will be 100% consolidation for the whole quarter. During the quarter, our 
consolidated net sales increased by 47% to Rs. 643 crore. PAT was up by 67% to Rs. 116 
crore. Earnings per share for the quarter stood at Rs. 3.78 up from Rs. 2.71 in Q1 2009-2010. 
The Board of Directors has declared a first interim dividend of 100% which translates to Rs. 1 
per share.  
I will now discuss our domestic business which comprises the GCPL and GHPL businesses. 
Domestic business registered net sales of Rs. 459 crore and PAT of Rs. 106 crore. In the 
personal wash category we registered strong growth in market share with a 10.4% market 
share in the current quarter against 9.8% share in quarter one of last year, implying continuing 
strong growth in our off-takes. Sales have grown significantly over Q4 of last year. We also re-
launched Godrej No. 1, strengthening the branding and visibility of the soap. In our hair care 
category we continue to enjoy a market leadership position in hair color with a market share of 
34% against 32.9% in Q4 of last year. Nupur continues to register strong growth. In our home 
care category, we continue to enjoy market leadership position in the household and 
insecticides market with a market share of 33.1% against 31.5% in quarter one of last year. 
Goodknight Advanced Low Smoke Coil has been voted the “Product of the Year 2010” in the 
insect repellent category, making it the second consecutive year of Goodknight wins. 
Goodknight Naturals mosquito repellent cream creates new personal application users with 
strong growth in market share.  
I will now discuss our international business in different geographies. We strengthened our 
international footprint, with operations now in Indonesia, South America and the Nigerian 
markets. International business registered sales of Rs. 186 crore, a growth of 84% and PBT of 
Rs. 19 crore. The sales growth in Indian rupees had a negative impact of about 5%, mainly due 
to a weak pound sterling. 
The recent acquisitions have been EPS accretive. In our Asia operations comprising Megasari 
in Indonesia and GGME in the Middle East, Megasari recorded sales of Rs. 83 crore and 
EBITDA of Rs. 14 crore. EBITDA, before the payment of technical know-how fees to GCPL, 
stood at 21% to sales. Megasari continues to enjoy its number two position in the household 
insecticides market and its leadership positions in the hair care and wipes markets in Indonesia. 
Since, Megasari is our biggest international acquisition till date, we have supplemented the 
local team with three key personnel from the Godrej group in areas such as marketing, supply 
chain and finance. In Africa we registered sales of Rs. 34 crore and an EBITDA of Rs. 6 crore. 
Rapidol continues to enjoy market leadership position in the ethnic hair color market in South 
Africa while Kinky continues to strengthen its presence in the dry hair markets. Kinky launched 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
its first store within a store concept, wherein products are sold behind the Kinky branded 
counter with a trained Kinky Sales Assistant. We have also established a hub in Nairobi to 
cover the Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda and Rwanda markets. 
We entered LATAM in countries like Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay with two acquisitions, the 
Issue Group, and Argencos in the hair care category. Both the companies put together enjoy 
volume market share of 25% in Argentina. Issue Group‟s sales stood at Rs. 12 crore for less 
than a month of consolidation. Our UK business, other than the Cuticura brand, showed 
growth. As you are aware we have had a very high base of Cuticura and hygiene gel sales last 
year on H1N1, i.e., swine flu concerns in the UK markets. With H1N1 concerns subsiding this 
year, Cuticura sales have come back to normal levels in the current quarter. UK business sales 
stood at Rs. 53 crore, and EBITDA at Rs. 7 crore. GCPL successfully completed its equity 
raising through a QIP of Rs. 531 crore, to be utilized for repaying short-term bridge finance 
raised for acquiring the balance 51% stake in Godrej Household Products Limited. GCPL also 
raised debt of about $350 million at attractive rates of LIBOR plus 150 to 175 basis points for its 
overseas acquisitions. GCPL was recognized as being amongst India's top-50 best places to 
work for by the Economic Times and the „Great Place to Work Institute‟. GCPL ranked first in 
the FMCG category and 14th overall. At GCPL we continue our strong commitment to our 
people through varied and innovative people processes, along with the bright future, brighter 
living proposition. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong operating financial 
performance and creating even further value. I once again thank you for joining us on this 
conference call. We will now be happy to discuss any questions or comments that you may 
have. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. Our 
first question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda of Emkay Global. 
Pritesh Chheda: What was the like-to-like percentage growth for the first three months in 
LATAM versus the three months last year, so LATAM, Asia which is Megasari, and Africa in 
terms of percentage? I do not want the absolute number. 
Adi Godrej: So in LATAM we had growth of about 24% compared to the corresponding period 
of the previous year. In Megasari we had a growth of about 20% compared to the 
corresponding period of the previous year and in Africa we had a growth of 11% compared to 
the corresponding period of the previous year. 
Pritesh Chheda: If you adjust currencies in these three areas? And what is the growth in Sara 
Lee like-to-like in the quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Adi Godrej: The growth rates which I have given you are in local currency. Generally the 
Indonesian Rupiah has been firm; I do not have the exact rate for the 45 days. But the 
Indonesian Rupiah has been firm and the Rand in South Africa has also been firm. The Peso 
has been a little weak so perhaps the growth in rupees in LATAM might have been a little 
lower. But unfortunately, I do not have the figures, but we can get them to you. 
Pritesh Chheda: Regarding Sara Lee: what was the growth in the last three months? 
Adi Godrej: The Godrej Household Products business grew at about 28% in the 1st quarter of 
this year. 
Pritesh Chheda: Would you like to share the outlook on all these four markets? 
Adi Godrej: Yes, we expect outlook will be very good. The economies are doing well. We 
expect strong outlook. Now that we have taken over these acquisitions, of course Godrej 
Household Products has always been in our fold, so the outlook is very good. But the other 
acquisitions abroad now will come with our introduction of synergistic benefits. We expect to get 
considerable synergistic benefits on procurement, product exchanges etc. and we are likely to 
plough all such benefits into greater advertising and promotions for faster growth. So we expect 
a strong look ahead. Our estimate, I have mentioned this earlier, so I will re-mention it. We 
have no reason to change it, when we had the last concall after the Indonesian and Godrej 
Household Products acquisition, on the international acquisitions we have projected an 
improvement in our PAT by roughly 60 crore during this financial year based on the 
consolidation for part of the year, after taking the interest costs of these acquisitions into 
account. Of course the accretiveness from the Godrej Household Products acquisitions will be 
in addition and that would be very considerable. 
Pritesh Chheda: So this includes up to the Issue and the Argencos? 
Adi Godrej: Yes it includes up to the acquisitions made to date. 
Pritesh Chheda: Could you tell us, since everything is consolidated at the end of June 2010, 
what is the debt in the book after considering the QIP? 
P. Ganesh: Overseas debt is around $350 million this is in the offshore book. And in the local 
books we have a bridge finance of about 700 crore in INR, against which we have taken a QIP 
of about 530 crore, so net debt is in the range of about 170 crore in the local books. 
Pritesh Chheda: So this includes full consolidation of all of these. My guess is only which is 
left, is Argencos. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Adi Godrej: That has also been paid for now, that is included. We have paid for it on July 8th 
and it is being consolidated from July 8th. So our debt-equity ratio currently stands at roughly 
1.2:1, consolidated debt-equity ratio. 
Pritesh Chheda: And what are the borrowing costs here? 
P. Ganesh: Borrowing costs for the overseas loans, which is the bulk of the borrowing, is 
between 150-175 basis points over LIBOR and the local debt is bridge finance averaging to a 
little over 5%. But that again is short-term, so the real long-term cost is about LIBOR plus 150-
175 basis points. 
Pritesh Chheda: And what is the nature of this other income in both stand-alone and 
consolidated? 
Adi Godrej: The stand-alone other income is dividends paid by Godrej Household Products to 
Godrej Consumer Products. There was a lot of cash on Godrej Household Products after we 
took over the 100% shareholding, so in order to utilize that cash for our acquisitions we paid a 
dividend out of Godrej Household Products to Godrej Consumer Products. That dividend has a 
pass-through benefit on dividend distribution tax so there is no additional dividend distribution 
tax. In the consolidated accounts the other income is the payment we received from Sara Lee 
Corporation for the AmbiPur business being taken over by Proctor and Gamble. That is shown 
as an exceptional item. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Vikash Rungta of Reliance Mutual Fund.  
Vikash Rungta: I wanted to understand, in the Analyst Meet for the financial year 2010 results 
it was stated that for the debt equity the strategy was to be 1:1. Then on the concall, what we 
understood, subsequent to some further acquisition the strategy has been revised to long-term 
debt equity 1:1. Just wanted to understand the reason behind the change of strategy? 
Adi Godrej: One of the things was that the period for QIP raising of funds was a bit difficult so 
we decided, our advisors told us that 530 crore would be an ideal number so we decided on 
that. Also, we are seeing that we are generating tremendous amounts of cash every day, every 
month and in a very short period of time, because the cash we generate will add to the equity 
and will help us pay back the debt. So in a very short period of time we will be back to the 1:1. 
Also the lower QIP issue leads to lower dilution, which we thought would be better in the long-
term interests of the shareholders. 
Vikash Rungta: You are also looking for further acquisitions to go for your 3x3 strategy. What 
is the maximum debt equity that we can see over a period of time? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Adi Godrej: We do not expect the debt equity to rise because we will be generating a lot of 
cash, so we do not expect the debt equity ratio to rise and in the long term, we would like to 
keep it at 1 or lower. In the short-term, for a few months, it may be a little higher than 1:1. 
Vikash Rungta: What is your total planned CAPEX on consolidated basis for FY11 and FY12? 
Adi Godrej: We do not need much CAPEX in any of our businesses for organic growth; in fact, 
we expect CAPEX will be well within the depreciation and internal generation of cash, well 
below that. So CAPEX for organic growth is very low in our businesses, both Indian and 
international. Any major CAPEX will only be required for acquisitions. And we do not expect to 
incur any major CAPEX for acquisition over the next few months. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Hemant Patel of Enam.  
Hemant Patel: A question on the domestic business and have noticed this last quarter and 
even this quarter that the top line growth has really not been up to the mark and despite the 
increase in market shares, could you highlight as to what's really happening on a) the category 
as a whole for hair and soaps in the domestic markets and b) has there been a volume growth 
rate in these two categories for the company? 
Adi Godrej: Let me explain. During last year, growth in the first two quarters were very high 
because there were expectations of price rises because of commodity prices. The economy, of 
course, was also growing from its lower trajectory in the previous year. So we had very high 
sales growth in the first two quarters of last year. In the second two quarters of the last financial 
year, domestic sales growth tapered down. This year we expect lower growth in the first two 
quarters, but much higher growth in the second two quarters. Secondly, the wholesale trade 
last year, in view of the constant price increases because of commodity prices in FMCG, 
tended to stock up to very high levels because we thought prices, going forward, would be 
higher. This year, for precisely the opposite reasons, as there is more competition, especially in 
the soap category, and because commodity prices are benign, the wholesale trade has been 
de-stocking. So therefore, our primary sales have grown much less than our consumer off-take. 
Our market share in soaps grew from about 9.8% in the 1st quarter of last year to 10.4% in this 
quarter. So our off-take is very healthy but because of the reasons I had stated the primary 
growth is stunted. We expect primary growth to be very strong in the second two quarters 
because the base effect last year was low in those quarters and so, for the whole of the year 
we expect to have a good growth in the domestic soaps business. As far as Godrej Household 
Products Limited, we have stellar sales growth of 28% in the first quarter of this year, because 
there were none of the effects of the previous year, plus the off-take growth was also very 
good; market share also grew considerably. So over the years, we expect domestic growth to 
even out. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Hemant Patel: Has there been any sort of pricing intervention at least in the 1st quarter of this 
year and given the fact that palm oil prices and other raw material prices have actually moved 
up and impacted your gross margins to a certain extent, can we expect some sort of an 
intervention coming into this coming quarter or the next? 
Adi Godrej: No, not likely. We do not expect price increases in the near future. Last year you 
must realize that the margins in soap were exceptionally high. The year before in 2008-2009 
they were exceptionally low. This year the margins are normal. And last year's margins, to my 
mind, would be exceptionally high and those are not likely to come back. Also competitive 
pressure in the market in toilet soap has been a little higher this year. 
Hemant Patel: And in your presentation, you have mentioned that there has been an impact on 
off-take due to high food inflation. Is this both in the urban and rural markets or you are seeing 
it in one pocket in particular? 
Adi Godrej: It is mainly in the low-income parts of the urban markets. See, what has happened 
with high food inflation over the last 4 to 6 months is that low income urban families especially, 
some in the rural areas also, are spending more of their income on their food requirements. 
And therefore, the only thing they can cut down is on FMCG purchases. Now soap is a 
category which is a heavy-purchase item for low-income urban families. Whereas other FMCG 
items, if you look at things like shampoos or more up-market, even, like household insecticides 
or hair color, there is not much effect. But on soaps there has been an effect. Once food 
inflation comes back to normal as we expect during August-September we expect this negative 
effect on off-take to come down. So, growth in soap, which was a double-digit last year, both 
because of price and volume, has come down to around 5% in the April-June quarter. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki of HSBC.  
Percy Panthaki: My first question is on the FOREX loan. Can you tell us the exchange rate at 
which the loan was drawn down? 
Adi Godrej: The loan has been drawn by our holding companies in Mauritius. So it is dollar 
denominated, it is in Mauritius in dollars. It will be paid back in dollars from the earnings of the 
various subsidiaries for the purchase of which we have drawn this loan. 
Percy Panthaki: If at the end of the quarter, if the exchange rate fluctuates, what kind of 
accounting impact will this have, how will you account for it? 
Adi Godrej: There is no accounting impact in the consolidated numbers of Godrej Consumer 
Products. If, ultimately, in the end of the loan, depending on the exchange rate, the assets at 
which these were purchased would change accordingly in the books in the balance sheet. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
There is no mark-to-market accounting issue in Godrej Consumer Products consolidated 
numbers. 
P. Ganesh: Since these loans are on offshore books in dollar-denominated currencies, there 
will not be any P&L impact in the GCPL standalone book, just to clarify. 
Percy Panthaki: But when you translate the balance-sheet item, when you show it in the 
balance sheet, won‟t there be a translation gain loss and how would you account for that? 
P. Ganesh: Yes, there will be a translation on the balance sheet, which will reflect in the cost of 
investment, ultimately. 
Percy Panthaki : Okay, so no P&L impact? 
P. Ganesh: No, P&L impact. 
Percy Panthaki: Second question is, are you seeing any change in the competitive landscape 
in the hair colors in say India, because, I‟ll just get some quick numbers from the pie charts you 
have presented and the YoY growth in the hair colors was looking flat. Is that correct and if so, 
what was the reason? 
Adi Godrej: I do not think we should go by one quarter's growth rate. Last year, we had a 
significant growth in hair color. We expect a strong growth in Q2 in our hair color business also. 
Percy Panthaki: Even in the March 2010 quarter, the hair color growth was not very robust? 
Adi Godrej: No, I think we should look at the whole year. Last year the growth in hair colors 
was very good, this year also we expect strong growth during the year. From quarter-to-quarter 
a lot of factors come into play including the stocks, wholesale tend to keep on that because 
both our No. 1 soap and our Godrej Expert Power Hair Dye Sachets are big items in the 
wholesale trade because they are very strongly distributed into rural India. So we see no major 
change in the competitive landscape. There are two changes in the competitive landscape in 
our domestic business. In soap we see a stronger competitive intensity, both from ITC and, to a 
certain extent, from Hindustan Unilever. Hindustan Unilever has lost market share over the last 
few years. There is a stronger competitive intensity. ITC, perhaps because cigarette profits are 
good, have been more competitive in the recent past. And in household insecticides, we see a 
lower competitive intensity from our major competitors. So these are the two areas where there 
is a change: one is better for us and the other is a little bit worse for us. However, in both these 
categories, the household insecticides and soap, our consumer off-take, according to AC 
Nielsen, has been considerably higher in April-June 2010, than it was in April-June 2009. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Percy Panthaki: How much did you say was the soaps YoY de-growth for this quarter? 
Adi Godrej: The primary sales de-growth was about 9% but off-take was higher than the off-
take in the previous year. 
Percy Panthaki: Understood, 9% is value terms or volume terms? 
Adi Godrej: About the same, value and volume. 
Percy Panthaki: My last question is on the employee cost front. Basically, we have seen the 
employee cost for your company as being extremely volatile compared to other FMCG peers 
and I understand there is a variable cost component also, there. Can you throw some more 
light on the variability and what percentage of the overall employee cost is variable in nature; 
any kind of details on that? 
Adi Godrej: Variability is entirely because of our performance-linked variable remuneration, 
which is based on EVA improvements. So, last year, when the EVA growth was very high, we 
had a strong increase in our employee cost. All these performance-linked variable 
remuneration costs, are debited to the accounts before the profit growth is calculated. This 
year, because the EVA improvement was much lower the performance-linked variable 
remuneration provision is considerably lower. That is the only reason for the changes. I‟ll ask 
Mr Mahendran who wants to add something on your earlier question.  
A Mahendran: On the earlier question on the soaps growth, which you checked and is 
reporting a 9% de-growth, we also took some conscious decision this quarter in terms of de-
stocking some of the stock level at the distributor point. It is a conscious decision we took 
primarily from a market hygiene point of view, which will not get repeated in quarters 2, 3 and 4; 
that‟s another point we need to talk about. 
Percy Panthaki : If I am right, was this same thing done in the March quarter as well, and what 
is the reason that for two quarters consecutively, this was necessary?  
A Mahendran: March quarter, yes, slowly we did start that in the March quarter, also slightly 
and then it just continued to complete in the quarter 1, here. Currently, we have completed that 
level; today it‟s a fairly hygienic level of stocks we have. Now, going forward, it should not have 
any impact. 
Adi Godrej: What happened was that soap demand rose dramatically in the first two quarters 
of last year, which led to dramatic increases in stocking by the trade also. It hit a slowdown in 
both volume and value growth, especially value growth because there were no price increases, 
so it is necessary to bring these stocks down for market hygiene. Therefore, the effect on 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
primary sales is much more exaggerated than the effect on demand. Our demand continued to 
be good as reflected in our market share changes. However, we had to take the primary sales 
effect in order to create market hygiene. So, from here we expect to have continued good 
growth. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari of CLSA.  
Vivek Maheshwari: My first question is on the soaps: you mentioned on a YoY basis the 
decline was 9%; this was both volume as well as value? 
Adi Godrej: That‟s right. 
Vivek Maheshwari; Because, from the presentation, if I look at the pie chart and compute 45% 
of your domestic growth the YoY is down by 12%, so am I missing something here? 
Adi Godrej: I don‟t know how you have interpreted it, but I have given you the exact number. 
P. Ganesh: I will take you through the actual numbers off line, but it would be essentially 
because in the pie chart gives you the absolute percentage, which is why you may be arriving 
at this data. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Second, in the domestic business, as you mentioned that competitive 
pressures are higher both from ITC and HUL, but you‟re A&Ps have remained almost flat on a 
YoY basis at 8.5%, so do you anticipate this will go up in the coming quarters? 
Adi Godrej: It could be, depending on the margins and competitive pressures.  
A Mahendran: Yes, but let me add, this quarter-on-quarter investment on A&P also depends 
on what type of marketing initiative we take quarter-to-quarter. For example, in this Q1, there is 
no major marketing initiative for us, it is directly connected to the innovation as well as the 
launch of SKUs in the soap as well as hair color, and household insecticides. So the question 
is, in the future, next 2-3 quarters, yes, definitely at least for quarter 2, our A&P spends will 
grow. 
Vivek Maheshwari: How would the A&Ps be in GHPL? 
A. Mahendran: A&Ps we do spend on an average around 8% and of course that would 
fluctuate within quarter-to quarter depending on the initiative. 
Vivek Maheshwari: But is the competitive intensity in general relatively better compared to 
soaps? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
A Mahendran: Yes, you are right as far as the competitive intensity in household insecticides is 
fairly under control and it is a fairly well-set business, growing fairly healthily in the categories 
also. And there are four major players in that, Godrej Household Products, Reckitt Benckiser, 
SC Johnson, and Jyothy Laboratories. So these four players are fairly, I would say, matured 
level of play happening in the market. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Do you see any merit in merging the two companies GHPL and GCPL 
going forward? 
Adi Godrej: We have no plans to merge them at present because the accounting of goodwill 
could become a problem. If IFRS comes in, we will certainly take a look and then take a 
decision. There is no plan as of now. 
A Mahendran: But at operating level, both the companies are driven as a one business in 
terms of FMCG since three categories household insecticide, personal wash, and hair color so 
one managing director, managing both the businesses, so at the team level and at the 
operating level we are looking at and trying to drive a lot of synergies and operating one 
company but as Mr. Godrej said, as a legal entity, we are considering as a separate company. 
Adi Godrej: We expect not only considerable cost savings in trying in to integrate the 
operations over two companies as Mr. Mahendran mentioned, but we also expect very strong 
synergistic advantages between leveraging each others strengths in the two companies, for 
faster top-line growth, which would lead to even higher bottom-line growth in the future. Whilst 
we expect some of the savings to accrue in the year 2011 itself, we expect a tremendous 
benefit in the years 2011-12 from his exercise. So we have set up a major set of internal teams 
from both Godrej Household Products and Godrej Consumer Products to look at that, helped 
by a team from McKinsey. 
Vivek Maheshwari: You mentioned about the staff cost being volatile depending on how the 
performance is; that‟s the case for GCPL; is that the case for GHPL and other international 
subsidiaries as well? 
Adi Godrej: GHPL is on the same system of performance-linked variable remuneration as 
GCPL and the international subsidiaries do get involved in this methodology soon after we 
acquire them. So the answer is, yes, but this is a self-fulfilling thing. It is based on EVA 
improvements so if the profits grow substantially and EVA grows substantially then staff cost 
based on variable remuneration will go and vice versa. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy of Edelweiss Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Abneesh Roy: My first question is on your hair color business, you mentioned the numbers for 
soaps, 9% volume decline in primary sales. I wanted to understand for hair color what is the 
corresponding number? 
Adi Godrej: It was up 4%. 
Abneesh Roy: You said, even in 1QFY10 there was a very high base, so was high stock seen 
even in the hair color business in FY10? 
Adi Godrej: A little bit, not as much as soap, because in soap, the category growth declined 
because of no price increases was more. When category growth declines, it ends up with larger 
stocks in the market because the stocking is based on the high growth of the previous quarter 
and then it has to come down with the growth in the category is lower. In hair color, there has 
not been much change in category growths. 
Abneesh Roy: In terms of the monsoon, what is the initial feeling you're getting because still 
there is a big deficit and this year will be crucial, so I wanted to understand that perspective? 
Adi Godrej: I think generally the monsoon has shaped up very well in terms of agricultural 
growth terms. From what we understand, in the last week, the monsoon has picked up almost 
all over the country. The overall prognosis, from both the reports we get from international 
metrological and of course the Indian metrological projections, is for a very good monsoon 
overall. The second half of the monsoon is expected to be much better than the first half of 
monsoon. We have just completed about half way through the monsoon currently, and of 
course, the Rabi crops, also agricultural growth is very good so we expect a strong input from 
good agricultural growth in this financial year. 
Abneesh Roy: Regarding staff cost, you have given us a lot of color, but this EVA is calculated 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis or on a full-year likely basis? 
Adi Godrej: It is paid out on an annual basis; it is projected for the year and provided for in 
each quarter. 
Abneesh Roy: And lastly, could you comment on the likely product innovation, likely product 
synergy in terms of, say, the Argencos cream color being introduced in India on those lines? 
Adi Godrej: There are a lot of potential synergies. It's too early for us to comment on all the 
potential synergies. But I can tell you that the Argentinean Company we have acquired, the 
Issue Group, is perhaps the world's largest producer of cream hair colors in sachets, which is a 
technology we could use in Africa and Asia. In Indonesia we are leaders in air care. Now that 
the AmbiPur brand will go away from our portfolio, we will look to leveraging our Indonesian 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
experience in brands and so there are many, many opportunities. After about three to six 
months we'll be able to more clearly crystallize all the synergistic benefits between our various 
businesses across continents. 
Abneesh Roy: Coming to AmbiPur, is there a no-compete clause, for the next one year, you 
cannot compete? 
Adi Godrej: No, there is no such clause. 
Abneesh Roy: You can start from day one itself? 
Adi Godrej: We can start immediately, after we stop handling it and we still continue to handle 
AmbiPur. As soon as we stop, we have no non-competitive clause. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Amnish Aggarwal of Motilal Oswal Securities 
Limited.  
Amnish Aggarwal: I have a question primarily on Godrej Household Products. This year we 
have reported 28% sales growth and very healthy EBITDA margins, so will it be possible to 
maintain this kind out sales momentum in Godrej Household Products and secondly, what sort 
of EBITDA margin should we look for the full year in this company?  
A Mahendran: As far as household products are concerned, we expect the growth rates to be 
healthy for the next three quarters. I think there is a linkage to a good monsoon; when we talk 
about a good monsoon, particularly household product like mosquito repellent has got a 
correlation. And as Mr. Godrej was explaining how we are expecting the monsoon to be fairly 
above average. I don‟t see any reason why the incidence of our mosquito repellent should go 
down, there is a direct linkage to that. So we see a fairly good performance and the category 
growth should be fairly as healthy, as it was in this quarter. Now, apart from that, I want to add 
that post of these two companies now being operated together, there are a lot of other synergy 
benefits are going to creep in, in the household products business, primarily from the 
distribution area. For example, Godrej Consumer Products‟ strength is fairly good in distribution 
penetration in the northern region, whereas Godrej Household Products are typically weak in 
the northern region, we wish to strengthen that, rapidly. Second, the rural penetration of Godrej 
Consumer Products is fairly high as compared to Godrej Household Products, so that also can 
be strengthened riding piggy back of the Godrej Consumer Products initiative. So if we look at 
these two areas as well, as there are certain cost synergies, we expect to be on the same track. 
Amnish Aggarwal: As per my calculation, we ended last year with EBITDA margins at about 
17.5%. And in this quarter EBITDA margins are around 22%, so along with the very high rate of 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
growth 20-25%, will there be so much of margin expansion also for the full year, or will it even 
out during the course of the period? 
Adi Godrej: That is difficult to project, margin expansion, but margin expansion has been 
increasing over the last couple of years so we would not like to provide any particular guidance 
on that front. It will depend on our cost firm out and how the growth rate is. Margins do increase 
when growth rate is high. And the 28% growth rate in the first quarter helped improve margins a 
little bit. 
Amnish Aggarwal: My last question is regarding the AmbiPur business, which has, as a 
brand, now gone to P&G, how much of the top-line was contributed by this and for how much 
time will we continue to handle the sales of AmbiPur? 
Adi Godrej: About 3-4% of the top line of Godrej Household Products came from AmbiPur and 
we don't know exactly how long we will continue to handle AmbiPur. We are under discussion 
with Procter & Gamble on that. But it won‟t be very long. 
Amnish Aggarwal: But do you already have a plan in place that as soon as AmbiPur goes out 
your own brand from Megasari comes in? 
Adi Godrej: I would not like to comment on that. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi of Anand Rathi Financial 
Services. 
Shirish Pardeshi: I have two questions. I joined late so I heard that GHPL has reported a 
growth of 28%. I'm not sure if you've reported, is there any price increase we have taken in this 
quarter. 
A Mahendran: No price increase at all this quarter. 
Adi Godrej: And the number you have quoted is correct. 
Shirish Pardeshi: So it is all volume driven? 
Adi Godrej: That is right. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Would you be able to share what is the growth, which segment has grown, 
is it the mosquito coil segment or mats have grown faster? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Adi Godrej: All segments have grown well, of course the growth rates differ. Aerosols are 
growing very well and the liquids are going exceedingly well. So we have grown well in almost 
all sectors, in all sectors of household insecticide. 
Shirish Pardeshi: What are the top two key raw materials for Godrej Household products? 
A Mahendran: The top-two key raw materials is if you look at the active ingredients which we 
use for all the mosquito repellents, is called synthetic pyrethrum – active, that is one of the 
major raw materials we use. The other one is on the liquid vaporizer, we use the solvent which 
is a liquid solvent used for all this industry, I would put it as a #2 raw material is cost terms.  
Adi Godrej: Also relative to say, the soap business, the packaging material cost in household 
insecticide is a higher percentage. 
Shirish Pardeshi: So would you be able to share how these costs for these two-three key raw 
materials has moved? 
Adi Godrej: Let me explain, except for our soap business, where vegetable oils are a 
commodity where there are considerable price fluctuations and the percentage of costs of soap 
manufacture going into vegetable oil is reasonably high, of course, it varies from brand-to-
brand. In our other two businesses, hair color and household insecticides commodity costs do 
not have much of a bearing, they do have some bearing but it is relatively small. The 
commodity scenario bearing is mainly in soaps. Just as in the overall FMCG categories the 
commodity cost bearing is much higher in soaps and heavy duty detergents than in other 
categories. 
Shirish Pardeshi: My next question on the soap category, I heard in the beginning that we 
have a de-growth of 9%. Is that the category has also de-grown at 9%? 
Adi Godrej: No, the category has not de-grown. Let me be clear, our primary sales have de-
grown by 9%. Our off-take in the quarter has grown in terms of market share from 9.8% in Q1 
of 2010 to 10.4% in Q1 of 2011, so our off-takes have considerably grown. Primary sales have 
declined because of down stocking at the distributor level, wholesaler level, etc., which creates 
for better market hygiene and that typically takes place when category growth decelerates. So, 
last year, the category grew at a very high rate in the first quarter, mainly on the back of price 
increases. This year, the category grew, category off-take according to AC Nielson grew by 5%, 
so therefore there is a lot of stock correction at the distributor and wholesaler level. 
Shirish Pardeshi: We have seen the competitive intensity going up and we have seen in line, 
now, on slots from ITC, „Buy Two Get One Free‟ and how they launched the Vivel Deo also. We 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
have also seen the lucky winner for Lux Soap, they have announced in Punjab. Do these 
implications have more pressure on our soap share in Punjab? 
Adi Godrej: Well, obviously intensity of competitors increasing will have some effect. It's not 
that we are sitting silent so to answer your question you have to look to the fact that our market 
share according to AC Nielson was 10.4% in this Q1. Last year in Q1 it was 9.8%. Now if you 
look at the details of market share I don't want to comment on it, but each competitive market 
shares are also available, some have grown in market share others have declined in market 
share. We have grown and we hope to continue that trend despite the market pressure. 
Shirish Pardeshi: So you mean to say that in the near future we will not see a heightened 
activity in terms of A&P spends for us or it would remain flat? 
Adi Godrej: I would not like to give guidance on that particular point, but very clearly we look to 
ensuring that our share of the market is maintained. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Nillai Shah of Morgan Stanley.  
Nillai Shah: In terms of this technical fee paid out by Megasari where has that been booked? 
P. Ganesh: The technical fee paid by Megasari comes into India in GCPL books. 
Nillai Shah: And my second question is, in terms of 9% primary off-take, can you put a number 
on the actual demand off-take that happened? I know your market share has grown. 
A. Mahendran: We can give it to you on offline. We don't have it right here. 
Adi Godrej: And I might also mention that quarter-on-quarter there was considerable growth in 
our domestic sales, so first quarter of this year was much higher than the last quarter of the 
previous year. I think there was a growth of about 11% or so. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Manish Jain of Nomura Securities.  
Manish Jain: I had one question on this dividend which Godrej Household Products you 
mentioned has paid out to GCPL, what is that amount? 
Adi Godrej: It was about 116 crore. And it has been separately shown in the accounts. 
Manish Jain: And what would be the stock change at the dealers‟ level in terms of number of 
days if you could quantify that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Adi Godrej: Well at the highest our stock with dealers was about 21 days. It‟s come down to 
about 15 days. But the larger change is with the wholesaler because wholesalers especially in 
No.1 Soap is a high percentage of our total sales because they are the ones who redistributed 
mainly to the rural areas. So as they were expecting large soap price increases last year they 
tend to overstock in order to book such profits. Now that they have seen intense competition 
and lower overall off-take they tend to under-stock. So our assessment is, we don‟t have any 
definite figures like we do for AC Nielson in terms of consumer off-take. Our expectation is they 
had considerably overstocked relative to normal, in the first quarter of last year and they are 
very under stocked compared to normal at the end of the first quarter of this year. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Anuj Bansal of BOA Merrill Lynch.  
Anuj Bansal: I just had one question on the off-shore debt. Is this a six-month US LIBOR? 
P. Ganesh: Yes that‟s right. 
Anuj Bansal: So it will be reset every six months? 
P. Ganesh: Yes that is right. 
Anuj Bansal: And what is the repayment period that has been set for this loan?  
Are there any terms on that?  
P. Ganesh: It has an end-maturity of 5 years. 
Anuj Bansal: And any payments in between. 
P. Ganesh: Principle repayments start after year one. 
Anuj Bansal: And so if you calculate roughly at this point and the interest rate comes out to be 
around 2.5% overall, is that correct or are there any other hedging or swap costs, etc., 
associated with that? 
P. Ganesh: At the moment there are unhedged. 
Anuj Bansal: There is nothing at this moment so it‟s around 2.5% something like that if we 
calculate? 
Adi Godrej: That is right. 
Anuj Bansal: And from the Africa margins, are you seeing any pressure there, because I 
thought that your sales growth was impressive, but the EBITDA growth or the PBT number that 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
you gave does not seem to have done much there. Anything on that, are you guessing any 
margins? 
Adi Godrej: No generally, we see margins around the same levels, but sometimes mix 
changes from quarter-to-quarter so it‟s very difficult to compare the margins from one quarter to 
the other, and remember our Africa numbers include both our highly profitable hair color 
business and more moderately profitable dry hair business. 
Anuj Bansal: Okay so nothing as a trend right? 
Adi Godrej: No. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Rajiv Ghosh of Wealth Managers.  
Rajiv Ghosh: What is the volume growth in hair color for this first quarter? 
Adi Godrej: Well, with hair color it is difficult to talk about volume growth because of the 
different types of hair colors. You can't compare volume of powders with volume of creams. So 
we only locate value growth and it was plus 4% during the quarter. 
Rajiv Ghosh: And any reason why it has been considerably lower compared to previous three 
quarters? 
Adi Godrej: Again the same issues of stocks in the market as I mentioned earlier, have less 
effect than in the case of soap, but there is some effect on stocks in the market with both 
wholesalers and distributors. You must remember that the first quarter of last year was a very 
high growth quarter for the FMCG sector and for our company, so this correction in stocks is 
the reason why our primary sales growth was lower than our consumers off-take growth. 
Rajiv Ghosh: What kind of value growth can you expect for the category of hair color? 
Adi Godrej: We would not like to give any guidance but we expect very strong growth in hair 
color over the rest of year.   
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ajay Thakur. 
Ajay Thakur: I would like thank the management of GCPL for their time and also would request 
Mr. Adi Godrej to give his concluding remark.  
Adi Godrej: Thank you for hosting the conference call, and I would like to thank all of you for 
participating in this conference call. We are very excited about the annual prospects of Godrej 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Consumer Product this year as well as the prospects over the next two years. I might just like to 
point out that what makes us very optimistic about year 2011-12 and 2012-13, are two major 
factors. We expect very considerable synergies in the next two years in synergizing and 
integrating the operations of Godrej Household Products with Godrej Consumer Products. We 
also expect very strong benefits with the implementation of the goods and services tax from 1st 
of April, 2011. I would also like to point out that there will be considerable additional 
consolidation from all our acquisitions over the next quarter onwards, because the next quarter 
we will have 100% consolidation of all our acquisitions including the 100% shareholding in 
Godrej Household Products whereas in the April-June quarter there was only partial 
consolidation from all these acquisitions. Thank you very much. Thank you for your support and 
we look forward to continued support from all of you. 
Moderator: Thank you Mr Godrej, thank you gentlemen on the management team and Mr. Ajay 
Thakur. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alchemy Share & Stock Brokers Private Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us on the Chorus Call Conferencing 
Service and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
