
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Regd. Office: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai 400 079 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
9M & Q3FY11 Conference Call Transcript  
2.00 p.m., Monday, January 24, 2011 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen good afternoon and welcome to the Q3 FY’11 earnings 
conference call of Godrej Consumer Products Limited hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a 
reminder, for the duration of this conference all participant’s lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need any assistance during this conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu of 
Antique Stock Broking.  
Abhijeet Kundu: On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, I welcome you all to the third 
quarter earnings concall of Godrej Consumer Products Limited. To discuss the results, we have 
with us Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman, Mr. Mahendran, Managing Director, Mr. Vivek Gambhir, 
Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. Ganesh, who is the Executive Vice President (Finance & 
Commercial) and Company Secretary. Now I would hand over the floor to Mr. Godrej for 
initial remarks followed by the Q&A session. 
Adi Godrej: Thank you Abhijeet and good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to the 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited conference call for the third quarter of financial year 2011. 
Joining me today on this conference call are Mr. Mahendran, Managing Director, Ms. Nisa 
Godrej, President, Human Capital & Innovation, Vivek Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer, and P. 
Ganesh Executive Vice President – Finance & Commercial and Company Secretary. We will 
begin with a brief overview of the financials following which I shall discuss developments in 
our domestic and international businesses. 
 For the quarter ended December 31, 2010, our consolidated net sales stood at Rs.980 crore and 
PAT were Rs.119 crore. Earnings per share non-annualized stood at Rs.3.67 for the quarter. The 
Board of Directors had declared an interim dividend of 100%, which translates to Rs.1 per 
share. Both our domestic and international businesses have performed well. Our domestic net 
sales increased by 48% to Rs.645 crore. EBITDA improved 57% to Rs.138 crore translating to 

     
 
Page 2 of 20 
an EBITDA margin of 21%. PBT was higher by 44% at Rs.132 crore and PAT increased by 
39% Rs.105 crore. 
 Our home care business delivered another quarter of robust growth. We realized 24% sales 
growth in business compared to the same period last year with the base of 100% of GHPL 
business. Here too we are reaping the benefits of aggressive marketing and promotional 
initiatives. We continue to be extremely positive of the opportunities for this business. Our 
market share in household insecticides expanded to 37% in Q3 FY’11 from 33.9% in Q3 
FY’10. The Hit and Goodknight brands continue to enjoy strong market share positions. Our 
soaps business grew by 6% for the quarter and we continue to be the second largest toilet soap 
player in the country with a market share of 10% for Q3 FY’11. We continue to believe as we 
had indicated during our previous conference call that the growth of our soaps business in the 
second half of the year is likely to be significantly better than the first half. A combination of an 
improving macro environment and success of our new launches and re-launches over the last 
few quarters along with further intensification of our marketing and promotion focus has 
contributed to this strong growth momentum. 
 The hair colourant business continues to do well and grew by 9% during the quarter. Market 
share for the quarter was at 29.4%. We enjoy market leadership position in India and 20 other 
countries with our comprehensive portfolio of products which encompasses crèmes, powders 
and liquid hair colors. We registered strong growth of 9% in our liquid detergents business 
during the quarter. Our toiletries sales also registered strong growth of 17% during the quarter. 
The range of Godrej Protekt products consisting of hand sanitizers and hand wash and wipes 
which was launched last year continues to perform well. Cinthol Deodorants and talcum 
powder and Snuggy diapers continue to grow well. In December 2010, in line with our 
commitment to India being a key contributor of both revenues and profits, we acquired the 
Genteel and Swastik brands through the acquisition of our 100% state in Naturesse Consumer 
Care Products Limited and Essence Consumer Care Products Limited from Muskan Projects 
Private Limited. Genteel is the second largest brand after our brand Ezee in the fast growing 
liquid detergent category. Swastik shikakai, a nature fresh hair and body soap enriched with 
aritha, amla and shikakai and Swastik neem, a soap that deep cleanses and protects skin are 
niche brands in the toilet soaps market. The acquisition of these brands strengthens GCPL’s 
position in the growing Indian personal and household care segment. It will also enable 
significant revenue and cost synergies. 

     
 
Page 3 of 20 
 I will now discuss the performance of our international operations, which accounted for 34% of 
our consolidated turnover during the quarter. We reported revenues of Rs.337 crore in 
expansion of 296% in rupee terms compared to the third quarter last year. The numbers are not 
comparable as Q3 FY 2010 numbers do not include the results of Tura, Megasari, Issue, and 
Argencos all of which were acquired earlier this year. We incurred one time an exceptional 
expense of Rs.6 crore in our international business during the quarter. Our Asian and SAARC 
ex-India operations, which include Indonesia and the Middle East, have done well during the 
quarter. Megasari is the market leader for air care and wipes in the Indonesian market and is the 
second largest player in the household insecticide in that market. Megasari sales for the quarter 
were Rs.185 crore and the EBITDA was Rs.27 crore. Middle East GGME added Rs.4 crore to 
revenues. 
 Our African operations, which comprise of Rapidol, Kinky and Tura made steady progress 
during the quarter and reported revenues of Rs.53 crore and EBITDA of Rs.5 crore. EBITDA 
includes one-time stock write off Rs.3 crore during the quarter. Our One Africa strategy 
continues to make steady progress. Our Latin American operations comprising of the business 
of the Issue Group and Argencos reported sales of Rs 63 crore and an EBITDA of Rs 6 crore. 
We see a sustained performance from these companies and we are studying ways in which we 
can unlock synergies from the combined operations. The integration process is well under way 
and ahead of plans. We are also looking at growing this business rapidly through One Latin 
America. We also have plans to cross sell our products in different geographies and will be 
doing so in a phased manner. We are pleased with our progress and performance during the 
quarter and we are seeing a gradual unfolding of our 3x3 strategy which envisaged the presence 
in three Continents Asia, Africa and South America through three core categories homecare, 
personal wash, and hair care. We have augmented our presence in all three geographies and 
categorizes in the year thus far. 
 We have continued to strive to enhance shareholder values and drive growth. I now conclude 
my opening remarks and open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: Our first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss.  
Abneesh Roy: My first question is on the soaps business. We have seen sales growth coming 
back after a decline for a few quarters. My question is on the industry front, how much growth 
are we seeing on the volume and value and till now how much price increase or weightage 
decrease we have taken and how do you see the margins going forward if the current raw 
material scenario continues? 

     
 
Page 4 of 20 
Adi Godrej: Soap business in our case has turned around, we have grown this quarter we had 
mentioned earlier the second half will be much better than the first half. We expect a much 
higher growth in Q4 in our soaps business. Raw material prices are high, they are now 
stabilizing. We have a reasonable cover. We have taken further price increases in early January 
and we expect our margins will not be as good as in the previous year where our margins were 
exceptionally high because of very low raw material cost, but they will be more in line with the 
margins of the year before last. 
Abneesh Roy: Industry volume and value growth in Q3? 
Adi Godrej: Industry growth is single-digit, around 6%. 
Abneesh Roy: My next question is on the hair colour business. I could not understand the 
numbers because just 9% YoY growth, in Q2 we had a 20% yoy growth. So have the volumes 
been flat  or it  is due to any seasonality in this ? 
Adi Godrej: No, I think the hair colour growth figures should be looked in the context that we 
had a price increase in the previous quarter and whenever you have a price increase primary 
sales growth is usually slow in the quarter following. The reason being that the trade whether it 
is distributors or wholesalers are trying to sell off their lower price purchased products first and 
then only they want to take the higher price stock into their fold. So typically this is very 
common and we expect very strong growth in Q4 of this year.. Overall we expect hair colour to 
continue to do well. Our market shares are more or less maintained and we have major new 
plans in hair color, which will be unveiled in the January- March and April- June quarters. 
Abneesh Roy: My last question is on Megasari, in Indian household insecticides business, we 
have seen 6% QoQ growth, while in Megasari we have seen slightly low at 2%. So wanted to 
understand if things are different in terms of the insecticide business in India versus Indonesia 
and where do you see Q4 especially for the domestic business, because in India winter has been 
very harsh in that context? 
Adi Godrej: Household insecticides have done very well both in India and Indonesia. In India, 
the growth was 24% in this quarter gone by. In Indonesia it was 27%. So, growth has been very 
good in both countries and our Indonesian business is growing very well both on the topline and 
bottomline front,. The Indonesian economy also is progressing very well. 
Abneesh Roy: Why has the margin slipped in Indonesian business? 

     
 
Page 5 of 20 
Adi Godrej: No, margins have not slipped. It depends on how you look at it. I think you have 
to understand that Indonesian company pays a technical know-how fee to Godrej Consumer 
Products. So, if you look at everything into account the EBITDA margin was 19% in 
Indonesia.. 
Abneesh Roy: But in Q2, if am correct it was 21% right? 
Adi Godrej: Yes there would be a variation from quarter-to-quarter depending on product mix, 
for example our margins in air fresheners, etc., are higher, so it depends on product mix. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line Pritesh Chheda from Emkay Global.  
Pritesh Chheda: First on the cost pressure side, barring soaps as a product portfolio any other 
product or segment or market where we are facing cost pressure and what kind of strategy do 
we have in place? 
Adi Godrej: I think besides soap there is no major cost pressure. Of course sometimes like for 
example petroleum prices affecting fuel and freight, but these are marginal incidents. 
Pritesh Chheda: On the price increases front what kind of price increase have we taken and in 
which portfolio? 
Adi Godrej: I think in soap we have taken a 3% to 5% price increase and hair color we took a 
price increase about four months earlier that was around 10% and except for soap we do not see 
too many prices increases. 
Pritesh Chheda: Your comment on margins; margins should be similar to say not the previous 
year but the year before that; my guess is that pertains to the soap segment margin, and not the 
company specific margins? 
Adi Godrej: Yes, I was talking of soaps. 
Pritesh Chheda: On the overall international business side since the geographies are many and 
the businesses have increased if you could share with us from a three years perspective in order 
to remove the quarter anomalies what should be the growth or what is a target growth that 
GCPL is looking at in these three geographies and if you could segregate also in terms of the 
margin outlook in these geographies. 

     
 
Page 6 of 20 
Adi Godrej: We would not like to make any forward-looking statements, but I have mentioned 
that we expect on a CAGR basis 15% to 20% organic growth, by organic we mean growth over 
all our businesses in India and outside acquired in the previous year. In addition on a CAGR 
basis, we expect a 10% point inorganic growth. So overall we expect the company over a period 
of time to demonstrate a 25% to 30% growth, going forward. 
Pritesh Chheda: Now on the Godrej Household Care and Godrej Consumer if you could draw 
some light on the synergies and the steps taken in order to harness those synergies and the 
timelines for enjoying those synergies? 
A Mahendran: As regards the synergies on this integration of both these companies, we are 
looking at two types of synergies; one is synergy on cost, the other one is a synergy on value. 
Our focus is going to be value synergy improvement rather than the cost synergy and of course 
whatever the cost synergies are preplanned and are being implemented and effective kicking in 
of the cost synergies will come from next year and some small synergies will come and creep in 
for this quarter, but on the value synergies are quite high in the next three years by virtue of this 
integration. The value synergies are going to be substantial Now on the value synergy just to 
give you some example, it will come primarily because of the distribution merger between these 
two companies, the companies had good amount of penetration in the urban India as well as to 
some extent in rural India, so the merger would lead us to a creation of value in all the three 
categories in the next three years. Primarily our distributor force and sales force put together 
our strength is more or less doubled when compared to the previous year. So, that is what we 
call value synergy and this would enable us to bring about good focus on the existing category, 
penetration as well as per capita throughput in terms of retail outlet across the country as well, it 
will also enable us to look at a couple of new categories can we go into it or not, so all put 
together we are looking at quite aggressively on the value synergy improvement. 
Pritesh Chheda: On the soap’s side what is the overall cost increase or indexes increase that 
the company is seeing and what kind of corresponding price increase cover have we taken. We 
have 3% to 5% increase, but if you could tell us the cost increase? 
A Mahendran: As far as the cost increase is concerned on the soaps as everybody knows that 
the raw material input prices have gone up. I would say that it has gone up approximately 50% 
of the input cost, but the input cost as a percentage to the net sales is not big, so overall the 
impact on the sales would be roughly about 5% and that is where it is being made up by price 
increase, which we are doing now. 

     
 
Page 7 of 20 
Adi Godrej: But you must remember that we are talking of cost increase over a normal base. 
Last year we had a very low raw material cost, so margins were exceptionally high for the 
industry as a whole. Year before last was normal margins. This year also we will have normal 
margins, but not the exceptionally high margins we enjoyed in the last financial year. 
Pritesh Chheda: On the debt side what is the outstanding debt? Have we repaid anything and 
have we taken an FX cover now? 
P Ganesh: On the debt side overseas debt it is about $350 million and on the India books the 
rupee debt is about 250 crore and given that the medium term outlook both for the Indian Rupee 
as well as the Indonessian Rupiah, which will be the major sources of revenue since the outlook 
is positive it makes sense to keep the loans unhedged which is the current position, but of 
course we have a special forex committee specifically formed to monitor this on an ongoing 
basis and the committee is very much monitoring the outlook. 
Pritesh Chheda: What would be the average cost of this whole debt? 
P Ganesh: The overseas debt is in the range of LIBOR plus 150 to 175 basis points. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from Anand Rathi. 
Aniruddha Joshi: I just wanted to know what is your current revenue breakup for the quarter 
in terms of major segments like soaps, personal care, hair colour and the other segments. 
Adi Godrej: It is in our update posted on the website. 
Aniruddha Joshi: With raw material prices increasing almost across various countries overall 
where do you see the company’s stable margin over the next one year? 
Adi Godrej: I think overall our margins will remain stable if you take all our categories into 
account, soap might have lower margin than last year, but some of the other categories have 
higher margins, our hair colour business has higher margins, so we do not expect overall 
margins to be negatively affected and just to answer your first question 44% of the sales was 
household products, 21% was soaps, and 18% was hair colour. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Alchemy Shares & Stock 
Brokers. 

     
 
Page 8 of 20 
Ajay Thakur: I have two questions. One is related to the soaps market share. Just wanted to 
understand that this quarter we have slightly lost  market share, but overall what has the trend 
been in the soaps market share is concerned? 
Adi Godrej: We have marginally lost share, very marginally, and that is because we see ITC 
being particularly aggressive investing a lot of cigarette profits into personal care. Hindustan 
Lever also, we have not seen their results, but they have marginally improved their shares after 
having lost share for many years, so we think this is a temporary phenomenon. In the last 
financial year, we had done exceedingly well. We expect to now improve our soaps growth and 
market share very considerably in this calendar year starting from the January-March quarter. 
Partly because of the base effect and partly because of the various steps we have taken in our 
soaps portfolio. 
Ajay Thakur: Secondly I just wanted to understand broadly what has been driving our market 
share improvement in the mosquito repellant segment? Any particular segment that we have 
been doing well, like coils or may be the aerosols where we are getting good shares? 
A Mahendran: You are absolutely right. the category is growing at around 16%% and we are 
growing at 35% as far as sales are concerned, but the reason why we are growing is because we 
have done a lot of investments in advertising promotion primarily behind a good amount of 
innovation in this category. You know that we are the market leader for the last 20-25 years; we 
have created this category in India so naturally the leadership is there and primarily focusing on 
innovation. We have started a good amount of work on distribution throughout the country,. 
The last point is you know that malaria and dengue incidents are quite high in the last one year 
we are foreseeing, so that is why the consumption has also increased from that. 
Ajay Thakur: Lastly what is the palm oil outlook for the next three to six months? Is it likely 
to soften? 
Adi Godrej: Palm oil prices whether they will soften or not will depend on international global 
weather situation as you probably know there is a major La Nina phenomenon all across the 
world which has affected agriculture output, it has led to severe floods in Australia, etc., we 
think the prices are peaked, but in agricultural commodities it is very difficult to be definitive, 
but we do not see much further increase and we are well covered until about May or so, after 
that we expect prices to start coming down, but again as I mentioned one cannot be definitive. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Aditya Srinath from Quantum AMC.  

     
 
Page 9 of 20 
Aditya Srinath: I just had a question on the distribution side in India. What are the long-term 
challenges or opportunities you see there in terms of driving penetration, competition what 
Hindustan Unilever, ITC and everybody is doing?  In a 15%-20% growth compounded target, 
what kind of investments do you need on the distribution side in India specifically? 
Adi Godrej: Very strong investments into distribution especially expanding rural distribution, 
but more importantly what we are going to do over the next two years is leveraging the 
strengths of one company for the benefit of the other. So for example, Godrej Household 
Products is very strong in South India, Godrej Consumer Products is very strong in North India, 
Godrej Consumer Products is very strong in rural areas, Godrej Household Products in the 
entire household insecticide industry is not that strong, Godrej Household Products is very 
strong with the chemist channel, because of the nature of the products, Godrej Consumer 
Product is less strong. So the leveraging of each other’s strengths will add very considerably to 
sales growth. Mr. Mahendran will add to that. 
A Mahendran: As far as your question about the investment and distribution upgrade, we are 
going in a big way leveraging our SAP implementation and technology, the IT is going to be a 
big help to us. It certainly is going to be a big competitive advantage to us implementing that, 
that is going on online type of distribution set up across distributors and apart from that this 
online IT is going to help the company in the terms of getting into in a big way of 
replenishments. When we do a sale, we only replenish the stock, so that thereby we don’t 
increase the stock level at the distributor point. Overall investment is going to be on that as far 
as the IT infrastructure is concerned. Also we are looking at how we can penetrate our 
distribution well in the rural India. So there we are looking at doing a big amount of training 
throughout the rural field force and the sales force. So at Godrej Consumer Products we are 
going to go in a big way of creating a rural employee ability there as a separate initiative of that. 
Aditya Srinath: Especially on the rural side if you take your distribution per se, I understand 
Hindustan Unilever has done a lot of work on the IT side with handled devices and so on and 
we are seeing existing kirana stores  converted to modern trade, have been 2X revenue increase 
in the same store. Are you seeing such kind of traction there? If we talk about rural what is the 
opportunity? Is it going to be per capita driven consumption or it is going to be broader base, if 
you can touch on these two points it will be helpful. 
Adi Godrej: Rural India is doing extremely well as you know the agricultural crop situation is 
good. NREGA has raised income, so we feel there is tremendous purchasing power in 

     
 
Page 10 of 20 
discretionary income in rural India, which we will try and leverage through increased direct 
distribution in rural India. Mr. Mahendran will add to that. 
A Mahendran: Your point about the per capita consumption is quite poor across FMCG 
sectors when you look at the rural per capita, so that is one area we are looking at how we can. 
But certainly on the numeric side again it is quite on a lower side so there is going to be a high 
potential on the numerical increase in terms of reach at rural India and of course, per capita 
consumption will go up. 
Aditya Srinath: This is your long-term strategy and we understand many of the sectors are 
facing logistical issues, transporting goods or getting goods, getting raw materials, if this is the 
roadmap that you have for the next two three years, any constraints that you see in the logistical 
side to address those market opportunities and therefore you may have to do something 
significantly extra more than what the physical infrastructure available there? 
A Mahendran: Not really. On the logistic side we have developed a model to circumvent that 
kind of cost push our logistics. So we have this model of going for sub-stockist methodology. 
That is across rural India we are appointing sub-stocker serviced by the stockist in the main 
town. So to that extent the logistics cost are subsequently subsidized.. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Anshul Mishra from ING Investment. 
Anshul Mishra: My question was regarding the home care segment. If you can please help me 
with what is the breakup between coil, aerosol and electric for this particular segment and how 
is the market share moved for coil and aerosol in last three quarters, if you can please provide 
some data? 
Adi Godrej: Our share has risen in every sub category. Overall our share has risen; we are very 
strong in aerosols, mats. We are now a very strong number #2 in liquid vaporizers to All Out 
and in coils also we are leaders but we are slightly above Reckitt Benckiser. On the subcategory 
coil is about 50% and liquid vaporizer would be roughly about 20% and then the next one is the 
aerosol is about 10% to 12% and mat is about 4% to 5% mat. That is the broad division of the 
four sub segments. 
Anshul Mishra: Right. On the coils also if you have the market share readily with you for last 
three quarters, if you can please help me with that? 
Adi Godrej: We do not have it readily with us. We will forward that to you. 

     
 
Page 11 of 20 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Varun Lohchab from Religare Capital 
Markets.  
Varun Lohchab: I had couple of questions on the international business. First on Megasari, if 
you could just throw some light on how is the competitive position in Indonesian market and do 
you foresee any decline in margins over there and over the next couple of years and second was 
on the African business, this quarter included Tura but it seems that the numbers out there have 
been slightly kind of muted, so any particular reason for that and how do you see the outlook 
for that? 
A Mahendran: On Megasari the competitive scenario was slightly heated up in the last quarter, 
but that is down, but not much of intense competition there, in the household insecticides and 
we are into the air care market there, again not much of that, so to answer your question nothing 
to worry about and as far as Africa is concerned the Tura business is being completely 
reconstructed because the purpose of acquiring Tura is an entry strategy for Nigerian market. So 
its fairly a small investment there, but our plans are to move in our household insecticides and 
hair color in these territories like Nigeria is a very good market, so Tura will get completely 
restructured. 
Varun Lohchab: But how are Rapidol and Kinky doing like on? 
Adi Godrej: Gross margin is little low, because the South African economy has grown only by 
about 2.5% during the quarter and this was the post World Cup phase, during the World Cup of 
course South Africa had done very well and we had also done extremely well, but we expect 
over this calendar year things to improve, we continue to do well in terms of market share, but 
growth has been a little low in South Africa. 
Varun Lohchab: On Megasari, just coming back, no concern on margins? Do you think this 
18% or 19% is sustainable? 
Adi Godrej: Yes, no concerns. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Amnish Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal 
Securities.  
Amnish Aggarwal: . My first question is regarding the household care business in India as well 
as in Indonesia. I would like to get some view on the seasonality in the business as also the 
seasonality in the margins? 

     
 
Page 12 of 20 
A Mahendran: As far as the household insecticide seasonality is concerned, it has got some 
amount of linkages to the monsoon and the winter. The monsoon should be good, winter should 
be normal and of course the summer, but over a period of time what we are finding is that there 
is some amount of normalization happening in this category with reference to seasonality. The 
reason being that the consumption is now moving towards completely a habit formation, so 
when we started this category 20 years back there was no habit formations so the volatility of 
seasonality was fairly impacted, but not these days, we do not see much of impact but on 
extreme climate like when there is summer April, May, June, if it hits 45 degrees centigrade 
etc., to that extent a small portion of the year we do have an impact of this.  
Adi Godrej: Indonesia does not have much seasonality. South India has less seasonality, North 
India has considerable seasonality, but overall as Mr. Mahendran mentioned the variations 
because of seasonality are reducing. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Do the margins also fluctuate on quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Adi Godrej: Not much except that in months where sales are low for any particular reasons 
whether seasonality or otherwise then overheads might be a little higher. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Because if we look at Megasari, Megasari previous quarter we were at 
20.5% now we are at 19%, so there is 150 bps of margin erosion there. 
Adi Godrej: Product mix affects margins much more than seasonality. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Okay, so it is predominantly determined. 
Adi Godrej: It is also a question of how much you have invested in a particular quarter onto 
advertisement. When you are launching new products, when you are extending new variants 
then you have to spend more on advertising. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Has there been any improvement in the debtor’s position as well as 
Megasari is concerned? 
P Ganesh: Yes, we are looking at some opportunities on the working capital front, but what we 
need to really bear in mind is that the salience of modern trade is significant in that geography 
and modern trade operates on credit. So to that extent, the situation is different from India 
where we are on cash and carry and since we get credit on our imports we are actually on a very 
small or sometimes negative working capital. 

     
 
Page 13 of 20 
Amnish Aggarwal: My second question is that we have been disclosing some royalty payment, 
which GCPL is getting from Megasari, are we getting any such payment from the other 
overseas businesses in Latin America, Rapidol, Keyline etc?  
P Ganesh: We are getting royalty income from Megasari and from South Africa. 
Amnish Aggarwal: So South Africa, how much is the proportion? 
P Ganesh: We get the technical fee of 5% only on Africa; we get a technical fee of 5% and 
other 5% by way of royalty. In the case of Megasari, the brands are actually not in India books, 
so what we get actually is technical fee and business support fee. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Whereas in Africa, we are getting a total of 5%. 
Adi Godrej: 5% for technical and business support only from Rapidol, because the brand 
belongs to the India books.  
P Ganesh: The Rapidol brand is on India books so we also get a royalty. 
Amnish Aggarwal:How much is that, 5 plus 5? 
Adi Godrej: Yes. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Finally tax rate for the first three quarters has been roaming around 19%-
20% range, so do you see possibility of it sustaining at these levels what would be your 
guidance for tax rate for the full year? 
P Ganesh: This would be more or less a sustainable rate. 
Amnish Aggarwal: So around 20% and for the next year? 
P Ganesh: The domestic operations I think will continue to be on MAT so will continue to be 
on the 20% range. 
Amnish Aggarwal: For consolidated number also we should look at around 20% and ahead? 
P Ganesh: Consolidated numbers would be in the range of 22% to 23%.  
Adi Godrej: If the budget reduces the MAT rate as many industry associations have demanded, 
then it could be lower. 

     
 
Page 14 of 20 
Amnish Aggarwal: So for consolidated 20% in the current year and 22% in the next year is my 
understanding right? 
P Ganesh: Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Tushar Shah from Max New York Life.  
Tushar Shah: First question is regarding your statement that you are covered for raw materials 
till the month of May and June, so what are the kinds of contracts or hedges that you enter in for 
the raw materials? 
Adi Godrej: We buy physical contracts we do not do hedging for forward delivery. For 
example, we would contract to buy for March shipment or April shipment, which arise about a 
month later into it. 
Tushar Shah: What proportion of our raw materials would be hedged till that time? 
Adi Godrej: As I said we are covered for all our raw material requirements until around the 
April or early May. 
Tushar Shah: In case there is a decline in certain raw material prices, so we will be hit by the 
contracts? 
Adi Godrej: No, our contract price is also considerably lower than the replacement cost. 
Tushar Shah: My next question was on your international operations; Is there a long-term 
margin guidance that you will be able to give? 
Adi Godrej: We would not like to give a guidance, but we expect overall margins to continue 
reasonably well, the margins can be affected for example when a major new product is 
launched and you have to spend more on advertisement, more important margin to look at is 
margin before advertising expenditure that is pretty much stable. 
Tushar Shah: Like in the case of Megasari you had a 19% EBITDA, but the actual EBITDA 
comes to around 14.7% because of the royalty pay out, so what would be EBITDA, which 
should ideally be looked at for consolidated operations? 
Tushar Shah: You have a royalty pay out which happens from Megasari to Godrej Consumer, 
but then that pay out is coming in the same company? 

     
 
Page 15 of 20 
Adi Godrej: No that pay out comes in the standalone results, but in the consolidated that is 
included. In the consolidated the EBITDA margins remain, so if the EBITDA margin is 20%, it 
is reflected in consolidated.  
P Ganesh: Therefore the right way to look at the EBITDA margin of the Megasari business is 
to look at a gross level, which would be 19% for this quarter. 
Tushar Shah: One last question on your debt levels as you said you have $350 million 
international debt the cost of which is LIBOR plus 150-175 bps on the local debt you have a Rs 
250 crore debt, which I think has been refinanced, so what is the cost of that debt? 
P Ganesh: See currently the cost is about 8%, but the refinanced cost is expected to be in the 
range of 9.5%-10%. 
Tushar Shah: That debt is primarily for what reason? 
P Ganesh: That was primarily incurred on the local front, if you recollect on the acquisition of 
51% stake in Godrej Sara Lee which is now a 100% subsidiary that was financed by cash in the 
book, partly by QIP and partly by short-term bridge finance. 
Tushar Shah: But at that time for the bridge loan we had done a QIP and then the bridge loan 
was repaid? 
Adi Godrej: We have done a QIP, we have repaid fair amount of the bridge loan, but some 
loan continues. 
Tushar Shah: Repayment schedule of that local loan would be? 
P Ganesh: When we generate a huge amount of cash, it makes sense for us to have some 
amount of debt in the book, which will get repaid over the next few months. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from CLSA.  
Vivek Maheshwari: My first question is on soaps you have mentioned 4% to 5% kind of a 
price increase, that is the weighted average price increase right? 
Adi Godrej: That is right. Different brands have different levels of pricing. 

     
 
Page 16 of 20 
Vivek Maheshwari: Broadly how much would be the price increase that you would have taken 
in Godrej #1 portfolio? 
Adi Godrej: Around the same, 4% to 5%. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 4% to 5%, secondly you have mentioned that you have a covers till say 
April or beginning May. If palm oil prices remain where these are now do we need to take a 
price increase for that just to maintain margins? 
Adi Godrej: Yes, we may need to because the cover is at a higher price than our earlier 
consumption levels and whilst lower than the replacement cost, it is much higher than the 
previous year’s price. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Right so we will need to take up prices right? And how easy or how 
difficult is it to take up prices in the context of high competitive intensity as you mentioned 
from ITC and HUL right now in soaps? 
Adi Godrej: That depends on how competitors behave, so it is difficult to tell from time-to-
time and I am sure they will say the same thing about us. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Thirdly on Megasari EBITDA did I hear correctly the growth is 27% 
YoY? 
Adi Godrej: That is right. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Lastly on A&Ps our consolidated A&Ps are around 10.8% compared to 
9.1% for the domestic soap plus hair colour business, so is that balance 171 bps basically from 
household insecticide domestic and Megasari, is that the main delta? 
Adi Godrej: LATAM also, higher advertising levels. 
Vivek Maheshwari: How much would be broadly the A&P for household portfolio in India 
right now? Would you have that number? 
Adi Godrej: Around 10% to 11%. 
Vivek Maheshwari: But that category in general is not very competitive, so you would be 
spending more on new innovation that you are doing right? 

     
 
Page 17 of 20 
Adi Godrej: Yes, new innovations and because we are spending and we are the leaders, our 
market share has increased, so it has paid us very strongly, so whilst we have increased 
advertising expenditure we have increased profits also very considerably. 
Vivek Maheshwari: All right. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Vikash Rungta from Reliance Mutual fund.  
Vikash Rungta: Can you kindly let us know your consolidated debt on your books as on 
December 10? 
P Ganesh: The consolidated debt is $350 billion on offshore books and Rs.250 crore in local 
books. 
Vikash Rungta: How does the debt maturity profile looks like? 
P Ganesh: It is spread over a five-year tenure. 
Vikash Rungta: That is the offshore book, and about the domestic? 
P Ganesh: Domestic is a mix of short term and one-year debt. 
Vikash Rungta:  I just wanted to understand your debt gearing policy as of now, what is the 
philosophy on debt gearing? 
P Ganesh: The way we look at debt gearing is that our comfort zone is 1:1. Currently we are at 
that level close to about 1.1. 
Vikash Rungta: Okay, so going forward you would like to bring it down to 1:1? 
P Ganesh: In the next few months, it will automatically come to 1:1 with cash generation. 
Vikash Rungta: We say 1:1 is overall debt to equity not long-term debt equity? 
P Ganesh: No, overall debt to equity. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Sumit Duseja from SPA Securities. 
Sumit Duseja: I just have one question on the logistic side. I want to understand your logistics 
are inbound and outbound logistics are being outsourced, or is it in-house? 

     
 
Page 18 of 20 
Adi Godrej: We are not outsourcing logistics. We manage it ourselves. 
Sumit Duseja: But to expand distribution reach and to reduce cost, don’t  you think it would be 
viable to outsource that to third party logistic service providers? 
Adi Godrej: Not in FMCG, we do not think so. We do outsource in our durables business, 
some of our durable business, not in FMCG. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Megh Manseta who is an individual Investor.. 
Megh Manseta: My question relates to our international operations. If you could take us 
simply region by region, which are the areas where we are currently happy with the sales 
growth and margin levels and which are the areas where we are looking forward to a significant 
improvement in the coming years?  
Megh Manseta: International operation, which are the regions that we are, which are the set of 
businesses that we are happy with the current sales growth? 
Adi Godrej: We are very happy with our Indonesian business. That is the largest acquisition 
that probably is performing the best. We are happy with our Latam entry and the potential in 
Latam, we are exporting a lot from our Argentinean businesses to other parts of South America 
and even to other parts of Latin America not in South America and we feel that can grow. Our 
Nigeria business has to be leveraged better we expect to grow that out very soon and South 
Africa unfortunately is the developing country where growth has not picked up as well as in 
other developing countries and now we expect that to also do well in 2011. So hopefully our 
South African businesses, which have grown, very well in the past will again start growing 
well. 
Megh Manseta: Any comments on the UK business? 
Adi Godrej: UK business, we have already derived very good returns from over the past. We 
expect it to continue to do reasonably well. It is not going to be an exceptionally strong 
performance. 
Abhijeet Kundu: I just had one question; what are the reasons for the higher other expenditure 
during the quarter, advertisement and sales promotional expenses have gone up, what have been 
the reason for the higher other expenditure? 

     
 
Page 19 of 20 
P Ganesh: The primary reason is actually sales promotion, which goes under other expenditure, 
what you see as A&P is advertisement and publicity.  
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss.  
Abneesh Roy: One is, when do we expect the replacement for Ambi Pur and second one is, you 
have been saying that South Africa economy is under some pain, so is it for the entire continent 
or is it limited largely to South Africa? 
Adi Godrej: South Africa is growing slower; other parts of Africa are growing better. I think 
Africa continent GDP’s growth is around 5%, South Africa’s growth has been around about 2.5 
% in the last six months. 
Abneesh Roy: And Ambi Pur? 
Adi Godrej: Ambi Pur,,it was a Sara Lee brand licensed to Godrej Sara Lee and at the time we 
bought the 51% share holding from Sara Lee Corporation they withdrew the license because 
they sold the business to Proctor & Gamble and we were compensated for the value of the 
Ambi Pur brand in India. 
A Mahendran: We are likely to launch somewhere in the first quarter or second quarter we 
will enter the market. 
Abneesh Roy: Regarding Kiwi we are not going to get anymore, that has been taken by the 
other company, Johnson? 
A Mahendran: Kiwi the sale has been done.  
Adi Godrej: We are allowed to market, manufacture market Kiwi in India until the license is 
withdrawn when the deal is finalized with SC Johnson, it will continue to be handled by us, as 
and when it is transferred to SC Johnson, we will be paid for the value of the brand in India. 
Abneesh Roy: So that will take a few quarters at least? 
Adi Godrej: Could, we do not know, it depends, but it would not be very soon. 
Abneesh Roy: Lastly coming back to HI business again in India, harsh winter has sewed into 
Q4 also, but till now how have we seen the numbers in the HI business in January? 

     
 
Page 20 of 20 
A Mahendran: So far it is good as far as their traction is good. So the harsh winter what you 
are saying has not affected  the HI business  yet. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I would like to hand this over to Mr. Abhijeet 
Kundu for closing comments. 
Abhijeet Kundu: I would like to thank the management of GCPL for their time and would 
request Mr. Adi Godrej to give us concluding remarks. 
Adi Godrej: Thank you for hosting the call. We are very pleased with our third quarter results. 
We have been able to successfully take our 3 x 3 strategy forward in the third quarter. We 
expect to do even better in Q4 and end the financial year on a high note and we expect further 
growth both organic and inorganic as I had mentioned earlier over the next financial year. So 
thank you very much for joining us. 
Moderator: On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
