 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
Regd. Office: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai 400 079 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
Q1FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
12.00 noon, Monday, July 25, 2011 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY12 Results 
Conference Call of Godrej Consumers Products Limited hosted by Sharekhan 
Limited. As a reminder for the duration of this conference, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions at the end of today’s presentation. If you should need assistance 
during this conference please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan, thank you and over to you.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  Thanks Marina. Good afternoon everybody on behalf of Sharekhan 
Institutional Research, I welcome you all to the Q1FY12 Post Results 
Conference Call of Godrej Consumer Products Limited. For the results, we 
have with us Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman of GCPL and the Senior Management 
Team of the Godrej Consumer Products Limited. It is an opportunity to 
congratulate Mr. Godrej and his team on posting a good set of numbers in the 
first quarter. Now I hand over the floor to Mr. Godrej for the initial remarks 
followed by the Q&A session. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you Kaustubh and good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to the 
Godrej Consumer Products Conference Call for Q1FY12. Joining me today at 
this conference call are Mr. Mahendran, Managing Director; Nisa Godrej – 
President, Human Capital and Innovation; Vivek Gambhir – Chief Strategy 
Officer and P Ganesh – Executive Vice President, Finance & Commercial and 
Company Secretary. We will begin with a brief overview of the financials, 
following which I shall discuss developments in our domestic and international 
businesses. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
For the quarter ended June 30, 2011 our consolidated net sales stood at Rs. 998 
crore and PAT was Rs. 239 crore. The quarter also had several launches and 
relaunches across businesses which were backed with sizeable marketing 
investments. We are expecting launches to be key growth drivers going ahead. 
Earnings per share, non-annualized stood at Rs. 7.4 for the quarter. The Board 
of Directors’ have declared an interim dividend of 100% which translates to 
Rs. 1 per share. Both our domestic and international businesses have performed 
well. 
Our net sales in the Indian subcontinent increased by 21% to Rs. 641 crore 
with significant growth across all 3 core categories. We are emphasizing 
innovation and backing them with investment. PBT was higher by 99% at Rs. 
279 crore and PAT increased by 97% to Rs. 211 crore. 
During the quarter we will keep Kiwi brand settlement charges of around Rs. 
175 crore. Quarter 1 of last year also had a sum of Rs. 40 crore towards 
settlement charges received for Ambi Pure brand. Our household insecticide 
category delivered another quarter of robust growth. We realized 40% sales 
growth growing more than twice the pace of the category growth. We are 
reaping the benefits of continuous and innovative marketing and promotional 
investment, delivering sustainable healthy growth. We continue to be 
extremely positive of the opportunities for this category. We became market 
leaders in liquid vaporizers format in addition to enjoying market leadership 
position in coils, mats and aerosol formats of the category. 
Our soap business grew by 17% for the quarter, again growing more than twice 
the pace of the category growth. We grew by 9% in volume terms in the 
category which has actually degrown in this quarter. We successfully launched 
Godrej No.1 ‘Saffron and Milk cream’ soap which was backed by a sizeable 
investment. Initial response has been very encouraging. Media investments on 
Godrej No.1 ‘Saffron and Milk cream’ have a huge rub off effect on other 
variants of Godrej No.1 Soap, resulting in a stellar growth. We continue to be 
the second largest toilet soap player in the country. This is the second 
consecutive quarter of strong soap sales growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
The hair color business continues to do well and grew by 19% during the 
quarter. In terms of volumes while they are not directly comparable due to the 
different format we roughly grew by 10% plus. We enjoy market leadership 
position in India and 20 other countries with our comprehensive portfolio of 
products which encompasses Crèmes, powders and liquid hair color. Expert 
care a herbal based formulations and Expert Advance a progel formulation are 
recent launches which have got very positive response. Our sizeable brand 
investments are reaping us early benefits. We will leverage on distribution 
reach enjoyed by Expert Original for expanding Expert Care and Advance 
presence in retail outlets. Nupur Natural Mehndi continues to grow at an 
exponential pace. Our synergy initiatives in the domestic market are on track. 
Sales and distribution integration has resulted in a strong sales growth and 
initiatives on cost savings are on plan. I will now discuss the performance of 
our international operations which accounted for 36% of our consolidated 
turnover during the quarter. 
We reported revenues of Rs. 360 crore and an expansion of 93% in rupee 
terms, compared to the first quarter of the last year. The numbers are not 
comparable, as quarter 1 of the financial year 2011 did not include the full 
quarter results of Tura, Megasari, Issue and Argencos. Our Asian ex- Indian 
subcontinent operation, which includes Indonesia and the Middle East have 
done well during the quarter. 
Megasari is the market leader for air care and wipes in the Indonesian market 
and is the second largest player in the household insecticides segment in that 
market. Megasari sales for the quarter was Rs. 194 crore and the EBITDA was 
Rs. 28 crore. Business registered 19% comparable Indonesian Rupiah sales 
growth. 
We launched HIT magic paper a disruptive and innovative paper format 
mosquito repellant. HIT magic paper burns for three minutes and has a residual 
efficacy up to 8 hours. The launch was supported by heavy marketing 
investment. Consumer awareness, which is very vital for the success of this 
disruptive innovation is addressed through media support. We expect HIT 
Magic to become a new format for new low cost solution users and coil 
converts. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
In the Middle East, GGME added Rs. 5 crore to the revenue. Our African 
operation which comprise of Rapidol, Kinky and Tura made steady progress 
during the quarter and reported revenues of Rs. 43 crore and EBITDA of Rs. 
4.4 crore. Rapidol continues to register strong growth. 
The announcements of rights to Acquire the Darling group asset, we expect the 
Kinky business to derive huge synergies on value creation and backward 
integration. 
Our Latin American operation comprising of the business of the Issue Group 
and Argencos reported sales of Rs. 56 crore and EBITDA of Rs. 1 crore. 
Despite the quarter being traditionally the softest quarter for our Latin 
American business, given the seasonality over the winter months in the 
southern hemisphere, the business recorded strong comparable sales growth of 
22% on the back of distribution expansion in the new product launches. 
EBITDA margins were relatively low due to weak seasonality and the 
investments behind the launch of Issue Ammonia Free Hair colors and growing 
the markets outside Argentina in countries like Peru, Uruguay, Columbia and 
Chile. 
Our UK business registered a strong growth of 16% with revenues at Rs. 62 
crore and EBITDA at Rs. 9 crore. Cuticura, Provoke & Touch of Silver brand 
grew strongly. 
The strong start to the year shows very encouraging signs for the rest of the 
year. During the quarter, we announced acquisition of rights for 51% stake in 
Pan African leading hair care company, ‘Darling group holding’. Darling group 
holding through its operating companies in 14 countries of Africa, is the 
market leader in hair extension product and a pioneer of the category in the 
region. The acquisition leaps frogs the Godrej group to be a leading player in 
hair care across Sub-Saharan Africa building on the existing strong market 
share position that GCPL currently has in hair colors in more than 14 Sub-
Saharan African countries through its Inecto brand. The acquisition will be a 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
strong platform for GCPL home care and personal care products in Sub-
Saharan Africa. The acquisition is expected to be EPS accretive from year one. 
With our continuous focus on human capital development, we were ranked No. 
1 in FMCG companies by the Economic Times and Great Places to work 
survey 2011. We were also ranked the best employer in the Top 25 Asia-
Pacific companies in the study conducted by Aon Hewitt. While the 
macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging, I believe our 
performance is a reflection of the robustness of our business model and our 
ability to efficiently manage risks and challenges. I continue to be confident of 
the opportunities for GCPL both in India and overseas. We will continue to 
perceive a prudent but aggressive growth strategy through a blend of organic 
and inorganic initiatives. We have and will continue to strive to enhance the 
shareholder value and drive growth. I now conclude my opening remarks and 
open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
The first question is from Pritesh Chedda from Emkay Global. 
Pritesh Chedda 
My question pertains to the margins in the quarter, especially the gross margins 
which have reduced both on QOQ and YOY basis and if you could highlight 
the reason?  
Adi Godrej 
On comparing quarter-on-quarter, the fourth quarter of the year is always the 
best quarter for the household insecticide business and the first quarter is 
usually the best quarter for the soap business. This is because of the 
seasonality. And in the household insecticide our margins currently are much 
higher than in soaps because soap margins have been affected by the high 
vegetable oil prices. This is the main reason for the difference in the quarter-
on-quarter margin. If you take year-on-year the main reasons are two-fold, one 
is soap margins has been affected by vegetable oil prices and secondly our 
advertising and promotion expense in this year has been much higher than the 
previous year, which in turn facilitated our very strong volume and value 
growth in this quarter. 
I think the second thing is the team realized that it had generated very large 
other income through the Kiwi brand compensation. So we have invested some 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
of this income into A&P for strong growth for the future and I think that will 
pay us very good dividend in the quarters to come. 
Pritesh Chedda 
But the slippage on the gross margins is more in the international operations, 
where soap does not come into picture? 
Adi Godrej 
There is no slippage in the international operations margin, other than in some 
of the geographies where we have invested more into advertising and 
promotion. For example, in Indonesia, the HIT magic paper was very strongly 
supported, which will give us tremendous dividends in the years to come. The 
previous year’s figures are not complete because in the previous year in the 
first quarter the consolidation was only for a part of the business. If you look at 
the profit increase in the international business, it is higher than the sales 
increase. 
Pritesh Chedda 
So what would now be the steady state or indicative A&P spend for standalone 
and for consolidated and if you could tell us also the margins for standalone 
and consolidated? 
Adi Godrej 
I think we are quite determined to accelerate our sales growth. So we will 
invest into A&P, through the year but we also expect the vegetable oil prices 
easing, margins in soap will improve and in the quarters to come where the 
ratio of household insecticide to soap sales improves quite considerably, we 
will see an improvement in the gross margin and the net margin. 
Pritesh Chedda 
Can the EBITDA margins be held constant versus the last year numbers, if the 
gross margin expands and the A&P increases? 
Adi Godrej 
Yes in all probability, but our concentration is not as much on margins as on 
increase in bottom line. So if for example, with a small sacrifice in margins, we 
can increase sales very considerably and the bottom line will be higher than 
otherwise, we would go for such an investment. 
Pristesh Chedda 
What drove the 40% growth in home insecticides in the domestic market which 
is two times the category growth and for the quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
A Mahendran 
I think in the case of the household insecticide, quarter 1 we did well because 
there was a slight shift in the trend. Typically this quarter is not a seasonal 
quarter but what we found was that seasonality was slightly better in this 
quarter, so that resulted in better sales growth for us but if we look over the 
years, this is a very lean period for insecticides consumption because of 
summer, but in different parts of the country we did find good traction of 
household consumption, so overall our brand did well. Apart from that the 
company got legally and effectively merged 1st of April onwards. So in this 
quarter, there is good amount of synergies that resulted, especially in 
distribution. And overall it will be good performance going ahead. 
Adi Godrej 
I would just like to add that there is a fundamental change taking place in the 
household insecticides category, that in the past mosquito repellents, which is 
the main part of the household insecticide category were mainly used as 
nuisance prevention. Now because of malaria and dengue, health concerns, 
disease controls are the major additional reasons why lot of consumers are 
using household insecticides and using more of them per annum. So that is 
helping the category grow much faster. That is leading to our very strong 
innovative platforms, which we have introduced over the last two or three years 
being very successful in not only increasing sales but gaining share. So, I think 
we have benefitted quiet a lot by the change in complexion of the category 
growth. 
A Mahendran 
 I think we have been very consistent in terms of our advertising and promotion 
expenditure, investment, unlike competition in this particular segment. That is 
also helping us. Overall in this quarter, our market share also grew fairly well.  
Pritesh Chedda 
When will Darling group consolidation begin and what would be the debt 
repayment for the group this year? 
Adi Godrej 
Darling consolidation will start in this current quarter. 
Debt repayment for 
this year would be around Rs. 400 crore in INR terms. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from Nillai Shah from Morgan Stanley. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Nillai Shah 
My first question is on the international business. Looking at the numbers, I 
find that the gross profit margin in the international business seems to be up by 
about 300 basis points and yet the operating profit margin ex Middle East 
business is down about 200 to 300 basis points. So this is basically a 500 basis 
point shift in the margins there on, I understand part of it is because of 
Megasari and the increased investments there on but what is the other reason 
for that? 
Adi Godrej 
 I think one of the reasons is, we have invested a lot of our profits into A&P 
this quarter because we found that all of our international operations have 
tremendous sales growth potential. We have introduced a revolutionary new 
mosquito repellent paper format in Indonesia. That was backed up very 
strongly. We have introduced a new hair color format in Argentina, which was 
backed up by A&P, so overall considerable amount of investments have been 
made this quarter. Over the year, we expect the international business to show 
very good growth both in the top line and the bottom line. 
Nillai Shah 
The other expenditure component has also gone up quiet significantly. What 
would be the reason for that? Just top two to three. 
P. Ganesh 
That is largely on the account of sales promotion.  
Nillai Shah 
The next question is on the household insecticide business. There is 40% 
growth which you mentioned. Is it for GHPL or is it only for the household 
insecticide as a category? 
Adi Godrej 
We have grown 40% in HI category. Our HI business growing more than twice 
the pace of the category growth 
Nillai Shah 
And the last question is on the ad spends. You did mention that you are looking 
more at the bottom line growth but ad spends and promotions going forward , 
what is the call for atleast the near term in the next one or two quarters.  
Adi Godrej 
Ad spends will continue to be higher than in the previous year and clearly, we 
will look at how much of our exceptional income should we invest into 
advertising and promotions for future growth, so that is the call we need to 
take. Also we will decide as to how much of our savings from the integration 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
of the Godrej Household Products and Godrej Consumer Products should be 
invested into further topline growth. But just to answer your question, we are 
very clear the topline in the household insecticides business grew by 40% over 
the same figures of the previous year.  
Vivek Gambhir 
One other point I wanted to point out was that, this increase in A&P spent is 
not a result of any undue competitive pressures. The impetus for this increased 
spend is to actually back new launches and we will also have new launches in 
the subsequent quarters, so to drive future growth, I think it is prudent to 
actually invest heavily for any new launches that we do. 
Nillai Shah 
Will you require increased investments in distribution, product development 
etc. also or will this just be confined to ad spends and things like that. 
Adi Godrej 
In product development we are investing more. We are coming out with a lot of 
innovative solutions. In fact, we will save money in sales and distribution as 
we are integrating the two teams. 
Nillai Shah 
No actually referring to the international business? 
Adi Godrej 
No, In international business, there won’t be savings on sales and distribution. 
Nillai Shah 
Will there be any more increase in investments? 
Adi Godrej 
No, not necessarily. Sales and distribution won’t take much investment. 
Investments in the international business will mainly be in advertising and 
promotion. 
Vivek Gambhir 
I think for example in a market like Indonesia, there are already plans in place 
to expand distribution outside the Jakarta area to the other islands. Those are 
continuous plans. Nothing unusual there. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Vikas Rungta from Reliance Mutual Fund.  
Vikas Rungta 
What is the gross consolidated debt outstanding on the books as of now? 
P. Ganesh 
The gross consolidated debt is $350 million worth of overseas debt and local 
debt in the books is about Rs. 200 crore. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Vikas Rungta 
And how much debt do you expect on the Darling acquisition to further add-
on? 
P. Ganesh 
We have not announced the consideration amount as yet but what I can share 
with you right now is that the acquisition will be funded by a low cost debt and 
the debt equity ratio in itself will not go up significantly. It will still be ballpark 
in the range of slightly above 1:1. 
Vikas Rungta 
And what is the current debt maturity profile? 
P. Ganesh 
The current debt maturity profile in terms of tenure is four years from now. The 
loan repayments happen in quarterly installments starting August and with an 
end maturity of four years from now. 
Adi Godrej 
And we are expected to pay back about Rs 400 crore of debt this year. 
P Ganesh 
One more point I would like to add over here is, that in terms of near term 
maturities, we have the first installments falling due in August. So we have 
taken a cover for this at very attractive rates. While the loan remains open on 
the long term front, near term maturities are getting covered. 
Vikas Rungta 
As stated earlier, the management policy of long term debt-to-equity would 
remain at 1 going forward? 
P Ganesh 
In the short run it could move up a bit but over a medium term we would keep 
it at around 1:1. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Vicky Punjabi from J M Financial. 
Vicky Punjabi 
More on the gross margin profile, I think what we saw in the quarter gone by is 
that, while you had quite a severe gross margin compression in the domestic 
business, that’s about 120 basis points if my calculation is correct. You’ve 
actually managed to protect it quite well at the consolidated level, where your 
gross margin was actually more or less intact at about 51%. Infact, I think there 
was a slight expansion there. Is there a difference in the gross margin profile 
between international and India right now or is it because of some difference in 
the way you report numbers. Like for example, just to clarify there are some 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
companies that have recently forayed into international and then they have a 
difference in manufacturing model because of which some costs are captured 
into other expenditure rather than in COGS. Is something like that relevant for 
you as well? 
Adi Godrej 
No I think what has happened in domestic business, the margins were affected 
because of high vegetable oil prices effecting soap margins. This is so for the 
category as a whole. If you see our competitors, you will see a similar situation. 
Whereas in the consolidated number there is not much additional soap. So the 
margins were better on the consolidated numbers than in the domestic numbers 
relatively speaking. 
Vicky Punjabi 
So I mean you had massive gains as far as gross margins are concerned in the 
international business. I mean considering that you protected it very well at the 
consolidated level. 
Adi Godrej 
You see international is not strictly comparable because in the first quarter of 
last year, the consolidation of the various new acquisitions was only for part of 
the quarter. That is why the top-line growth is also very high. And a lot of 
benefits that came with our taking over these companies, over the year and 
bringing in economies, etc., have benefited us over the year. 
Vicky Punjabi 
 And the other thing is while we have seen this 58% growth in A&P of about 
117 crore for the quarter, I guess you mentioned earlier that, this excludes the 
promotion spends. If one were to add up the sales promotions as well, how 
much would this 117 become? 
Adi Godrej 
Some promotion spends are excluded not all, some come in the A&P but it 
depends on how you calculate. For example, if you give a price off that comes 
into lower sales, there are certain kinds of promotions which are accounted for 
in other expenditure. So overall, some promotions do not come into the A&P 
category. I don’t have the exact number right now but it would not be a very 
large number. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Vicky Punjabi 
Okay so your growth in A&P, if you were to take all of them and bunch them 
up together, would not be very different from what is there in the reported 
number? 
Adi Godrej 
No. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Vivek Maheshwari from CLSA. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
 In your opening remarks you mentioned about soap industry had seen a 
degrowth in the quarter, what has been the reason for this and how has been in 
general the competition in the category? 
Adi Godrej 
Soap category volume, there is a slight degrowth, to the best of our knowledge; 
we don’t have the exact figures of our competitors. However, in value terms 
there has been some growth in the category. We have grown 17% by value and 
about roughly 9-10% by volume and I think the category volume growth is 
zero or slightly negative, whereas value growth we think we have grown about 
twice the category value growth rate. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
And that will be mainly led by new innovations as well as the A&Ps etc. 
Adi Godrej 
The new innovations, I think Godrej No. 1 is doing very well. Cinthol has also 
performed well during the quarter. And even in the last quarter, we saw good 
growth in soap. One of the reasons of course is a low base effect. Last year our 
soap sales were on the lower side during the corresponding quarters, so now we 
expect the soap business to grow well during this financial year. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
The price increase will be to the extent of around 8-9%, right? 
Adi Godrej 
The price increase captured in this quarter, yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
And what would be the exact price increase in the soap portfolio that you 
would have taken? 
Adi Godrej 
That varies for brand to brand. And we would have taken some price increase 
even before the quarter 1 of last year also. So price increases in an inflationary 
situation, more or less is a continuous process. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Vivek Maheshwari 
Sure but my question is more from the category perspective. Do you think that 
since the palm oil prices are coming down and the pricing power is coming 
back, etc., the worst is over for at least this cycle and you know things should 
improve incrementally for the soap business? 
Adi Godrej 
It should improve but I might draw your attention, that the soap prices were 
never taken up to the highest level of the raw material prices. So some of the 
raw material prices having come down will not lead to much margin 
improvement unless they come down even further and in fact, I wouldn’t be 
surprised if there are one or two further price increases in the soap industry 
going forward. And a lot depends on how crude oil performs, because 
vegetable oil is correlated to crude oil prices because 10% of all vegetable oil 
consumption goes for biodiesel production. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
 And similar is the quantum of the price increase for hair color, around the 
same 9-10%, right? 
Adi Godrej 
That’s right. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
On A&P, in this quarter in the domestic business it was up 120 basis points to 
10.5% and consolidated it was 11.7%, do you anticipate for the full year a 
similar kind of a number or will it go down in the coming quarter? 
Adi Godrej 
I think A&P-to-sales ratio might remain around this level. It’s very difficult to 
tell, plus or minus 1% point and basically in the past our A&P-to-sales ratio 
was a little lower than our competitors. And in order to ensure that our sales 
growth is accelerated, we are upping our A&P-to-sales ratio slightly. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
And just last one thing on the A&P, in the domestic business was it more 
towards soap or is it possible to give a rough split of this A&P  
Adi Godrej 
A lot of was towards the new hair color launch, a considerable amount was 
invested even in household insecticide and of course some in soap too, so it 
was spread across our brands. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Hemant Patel from Enam. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Hemant Patel 
 Just wanted to get some light on the competitive environment in the household 
insecticide segment in India, how do you see it spanning out in terms of the 
pricing environment and you seem to have done extremely well in terms of the 
volume growth rate, so what’s the outlook on this in the next 3 months. 
Adi Godrej 
We feel that in our household insecticide business the competitive intensity is 
probably the least of our major categories because the category is growing very 
well. So, even players who are losing share are showing good top-line growth. 
In soaps, I think the competitive intensity is more than normal because of the 
high raw material cost and several players want to increase their market share 
or hold onto their market shares. In hair color, we feel the competitive intensity 
is about the average level. So in one major category it is less, in one it’s higher 
and the other is more or less neutral. So I would generally say competitive 
intensity, is about the same overall as in the past. 
Hemant Patel 
And just one more question in terms of the raw material cost, you mentioned 
that the vegetable oil prices have really hurt you in terms of the margins for 
soaps. But have you seen any other commodity cost which has been impacting 
you for instance packing material, transportation, and the rest. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes everything has impacted but the major impact has come through vegetable 
oils but clearly crude oil prices rising have affected fuel and freight cost, 
packaging cost has been affected because plastic and paper raw materials have 
gone up. So, clearly there is impact across the board but the main impact has 
been in the vegetable oils. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Manoj Menon from Kotak Institutional Equities.  
Manoj Menon 
One on the GHPL growth of 40%, could you just throw some colour on the 
segment growth within that. A broad understanding in terms of how liquid, 
mats and coils would have performed within the 40%. 
Adi Godrej 
We do not disclose the segment growth figures but I can tell you that all 
segments have grown well. The slowest growing segment is mats but that has 
also grown this time. And the fastest growing segment is Aerosol. Fortunately 
our share is higher in the fast growing segment and relatively lower in the slow 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
growing segment, although we are leaders in all the major segments in the 
household insecticide. 
Manoj Menon 
 Assuming that most of the high margin segments within the household 
insecticides have grown well, I am still finding the gross margin in the 
standalone which includes GHPL down year-on-year and I would assume that 
coils which account for probably 30-40% of your sales in GHPL would have 
lesser margins than the blended margins for GHPL. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes true but if you look at the company, our gross margins are quite high. And 
our objective is not to try and increase margins per se but to increase our top-
line, so that our bottom-line growth is high. So we are always looking to invest 
into advertising, promotion, innovation, etc., to see that overall our profit 
growth is optimized and maximized and not necessarily margin growth. So that 
is why you would have seen over the last few years, we have been very 
successful in adding strong growth to our bottom-line, both from organic 
operations as well as inorganic acquisitions. 
Manoj Menon 
 Is there a case that the promotional spends in the household business in the 
quarter has been higher than the normal trend in the past? 
Adi Godrej 
No, I don’t think the promotional spends have been higher but there have been 
cost pressures in all categories as I told you general things like packaging, fuel, 
freights, etc., which do take its toll and its not feasible to park everything on in 
terms of price increases immediately. 
Manoj Menon 
On Kinky could you just help us understand how the quarter has been and 
where the business is headed? 
Adi Godrej 
The quarter was not very good for Kinky. But we expect Kinky to do 
exceptionally well once the Darling acquisition comes into play. Because the 
Darling acquisition will help the Kinky business tremendously and vice versa 
because Darling is an integrated operation. So Kinky will save fairly large 
amounts on backward integration and the Kinky stores which Darling does not 
have, could operate in the Darling. So what we have done is, the Darling joint 
venture will operate Kinky. Also it will be owned 100% by GCPL and we have 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
incentivized our joint venture partners on the performance of Kinky. We will 
see a key change in Kinky operations once the Darling acquisition is 
consummated. 
Manoj Menon 
 So that is mostly like the second half of this fiscal. 
Adi Godrej 
Well even in the second quarter, there would be some consolidation. But 
probably these synergistic benefits will come from the second half. 
Manoj Menon 
On Megasari, is there any seasonality in the business because now we have the 
numbers for the four quarters starting September last year, when I look at these 
numbers you know 4 quarters has been 180 to 185, 195 and 194 in rupees 
Crore. 
Adi Godrej 
Indonesia is a tropical country. So the seasonality is nowhere near as much as 
in India. 
Manoj Menon 
What I am just trying to wonder was that a strong growth of close to 20% for 
the last four quarters year-on-year but I am not really finding any significant 
sequential growth. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes but sequential 20% annual growth translates into a very small sequential 
growth. Clearly everything doesn’t move absolutely in precision in 
mathematical terms from quarter-to-quarter. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Mayur Gathani from OHM Group. 
Mayur Gathani 
What kind of market share is based on household insecticide currently? 
Adi Godrej 
We do not give out the market share figures because they are not for public 
consumption. We do subscribe to AC Nielsen. However, we find that the 
market share information is difficult to calibrate, relative to market 
performance. So it’s better not to take it up especially from a quarter-to-quarter 
basis. But we have mentioned that we have grown about twice as fast as the 
category has grown. 
Mayur Gathani 
 Usually quarter 1 is not that great for household insecticide segment? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Adi Godrej 
That is right. But the growth we are talking about is compared to the same 
quarter of the previous year. So the seasonality differences are maintained. 
Mayur Gathani 
Okay, you will still see a subdued next year quarter 1 as well. It is not that there 
is a big move from quarter 4 to quarter 1. 
Adi Godrej 
In the household insecticides, quarter 4 is always the best quarter and quarter 1 
is the least big quarter. I think our innovations are working very well for us. I 
think our brand building has helped us tremendously. Our strong emphasis on 
advertising and promotions has played its part. And the fact that people are 
concerned about diseases such as Malaria and Dengue, is also playing its part. 
And I think in such circumstances, people like to trust the strongest brands. 
Mayur Gathani 
Okay so probably you have taken way higher lead than competition would 
have in this segment, in this quarter. 
Adi Godrej 
I think we have. 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from Himani Singh from Elara Capital.  
Himani Singh 
Why have we seen a significant decline in the margin profile in our Latin 
American Business? 
Adi Godrej 
There is no decline in our margin profile in Latin America. The first quarter is 
always a very low margin quarter because of the seasonality. Its winter in 
South America and demands for hair color is lower, yet we have to bear our 
overheads and other promotional expenditure. So the margins are always 
lower. So although we didn’t run the business throughout the first quarter of 
the previous year, but looking at the figures we have from that period of 
erstwhile management, our margins are better in this year than it was in the 
corresponding period of last year. However, the margins will continue to be 
very strong from quarter 2 to quarter 4. 
Himani Singh 
So there is a seasonal dip in the first quarter, Q2 onwards they are in the 
season? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Adi Godrej 
Yes we expect the margins to continue to be equal to or better than in the 
previous year. 
Himani Singh 
Now that we have presence across three continents and we are maintaining 
workforce across these continents, procurement of raw materials around these 
regions, in this quarter per se we saw an increase in the employee cost as well, 
other manufacturing expenses as well. Are we seeing a shift in the margin 
profile for the company, which is closer to a 15% rather than nearing 19%. 
Adi Godrej 
You must understand that the international business profit margin includes the 
cost of interest for the borrowing to acquire these businesses. So the margin 
will be lower than in domestic operations because of the cost of acquisition. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Harish Krishnan from Kotak. 
Harish Krishnan 
 Just wanted to check in terms of these acquisitions that you have done in this 
quarter, has there been any cost related to legal or professional fees that have 
got booked both with relation to the Kiwi termination and Darling group 
Adi Godrej 
No, Kiwi termination there is no legal cost and for Darling group there will be 
some cost on acquisition but all cost on acquisition is capitalized. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Ashish Upganlawar from Spark Capital.  
Ashish  Upganlwar 
Could you tell us the breakup how Rapidol, Kinky, Tura independently 
performed this quarter because we have Africa figures in total. 
Adi Godrej 
I think we have had good growth. And on a comparable basis Rapidol had a 
19% growth; Kinky had a 10% growth. 
Ashish  Upganlwar 
What is the cost of debt we are working as of now with international and the 
domestic one? 
P. Ganesh 
In terms of the bulk of the debt, which is dollar debt we are operating on  
LIBOR plus average of 175 basis points. So it’s a very low cost debt. 
Ashish  Upganlwar 
Okay and on the currency exposure, we are not hedging? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
P. Ganesh 
We have left the long term exposures open but as I mentioned earlier in the 
cost, near term exposure, we have a repayment coming up in August that is 
hedged. 
Ashish  Upganlwar 
How much is the repayment due? 
P. Ganesh 
The August installment is about roughly $18 million, which is covered already. 
The policy we are adopting is that since the view in terms of the currency 
movement, if you look at where the revenues are generated, it’s largely INR 
followed by IDR, these are the two larger streams of revenue flow and outlook 
versus USD is positive for both currencies. Infact even for the first repayment, 
we have net gained in terms of currency because of acquisition of both the 
currencies versus USD. That’s the thought process, why the loans are kept 
unhedged but to protect ourselves from short term fluctuations near term 
exposures are covered. 
Ashish  Upganlwar 
And  just wanted to know on the cross pollination synergies that we had talked 
about on these acquisitions, may be in Nigeria, that you wanted to take your 
other products household insecticides and others so any updates on those 
fronts? 
Adi Godrej 
There is a lot of work going on cross pollination between our geographies both 
from international operations into India, cross from international operations to 
other international operations and vice versa. So that is progressing well and 
we are very satisfied with the progress. 
Ashish  Upganlwar 
So still no timelines on the new product launches anywhere? 
Adi Godrej 
No, this is continuously being done. We are looking to launch products. We 
have already picked up certain technologies from our international operations. 
They have used a lot of learnings from our operations here. We have put them 
in touch with our relatively low cost suppliers across the world in many cases. 
So that’s a continuing process. It’s not a step by step process.  
Moderator 
The next question is from Varun Lochab from Religare Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Varun Lochab 
 First question is on the domestic household insecticide business, what are the 
price hikes that have been taken in last 3-4 months and on a Y-on-Y basis, in 
this growth how much will be the impact of price hikes? 
A Mahendran 
I think the price hike in the household insecticide is fairly marginal. Roughly it 
will be about 3%. 
Varun Lochab 
And when was this taken? 
Adi Godrej 
Different price increase have been taken at different point in time. Not all price 
increase even across a category are taken together. 
Varun Lochab 
And my second question was on the other income. Last couple of quarters we 
have seen a step up in the other income. This is the non-operational other 
income. So if you could just throw some light on that what’s contributing to 
that? 
P. Ganesh 
Yes if you look at the stand alone, we have reported a other income of 25 crore, 
bulk of this is on account of dividend income received from Sri Lanka 
operations. But Kiwi compensation of 175 crore has been received to the extent 
of 156 crore in India and about 19 crore in Sri Lanka. The amount received in 
Sri Lanka has been repatriated as dividend and that’s reflected in the other 
income.  
Varun Lochab 
But even in consolidated, that number is bit high. 
P. Ganesh 
Yes in terms of consolidation, in addition to interest income, we have a Forex 
gain of about 3 crore on intercompany loans and the other point is, in terms of 
the overseas loan of about $350 million which we have, we have taken a 
interest rate swap, therefore we have hedged ourselves against the interest rate 
risk. The way it operates, I will very briefly explain is that we have opted for a 
floating rate, which we have swapped for a fixed rate. So to an extent of about 
7 crore, it will come in both income as well as interest expense. So you would 
have seen that even interest expense for this quarter versus comparable has 
gone up significantly. It’s because of the interest rate swap coming in more of 
an accounting entry. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Moderator 
The next question is from Ashit Desai from BMK Securities. 
Ashit Desai 
One question on ad spends again. You talked about higher ad spends this year 
because of couple of new launches. But besides this do you feel, that the earlier 
managements mainly of your international acquisitions had under invested in 
their brands and you are now investing in lines with the competition in these 
markets. 
Adi Godrej 
We can’t say they are under invested. But once we have taken over the 
business and we brought in our best practices on innovation, advertising and 
marketing, we feel there are great opportunities to invest in advertising and 
promotion for growth and since we have also been able to manage considerable 
savings on things like raw materials, etc., in some of these geographies, 
investing some of these savings to increase advertising, promotion, and 
innovation we find, will pay us very good long term dividends. So you might 
see some of this activity continuing. 
Ashit Desai 
For example in Indonesia, how would your ad spends look up compared to the 
competitor? 
Adi Godrej 
It’s very difficult to tell because the competitors are of different sizes, they are 
in different categories. So it’s a difficult question to comment on right now but 
generally I think our bottom-line margins, our EBITDA margins are better than 
some of our competitors. 
Ashit Desai 
 Would you be able to give any split of your advertising and promotion spends 
this quarter, compared to last year? 
Adi Godrej 
No 
Ashit Desai 
Have any of them seen a significant increase, if you could just put some light 
on it. 
Adi Godrej 
No, I think advertising is the main one which has seen the increase. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Bhavik Mehta from Girik Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Bhavik Mehta 
My question is on the cross pollination of products. What categories of 
products you are planning to cross pollen between international market and 
India. Like from India to international market? 
Adi Godrej 
It’s mainly in household insecticides and hair color. 
Bhavik Mehta 
And post the Darling Group acquisition, do you plan to expand other than the 
14 countries that it is present in? 
Adi Godrej 
They are already selling in more. They are manufacturing in 14 countries but 
they sell across the sub-Saharan African continents. So it may not be through 
manufacturing in other countries but we do export. 
Bhavik Mehta 
And Kinky line, would you plan to expand it outside South Africa? 
Adi Godrej 
That joint management will decide but Darling brand is so strong that there 
may not be much need to do so. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand over 
the conference back to Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar for closing comments. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Thank you for taking time for this conference call and all the best for the 
quarters ahead. Now I would request Mr. Adi Godrej to give his closing 
remarks. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you Kaustubh. I think Godrej Consumer Products both in terms of 
organic growth and inorganic growth is on an excellent platform for future 
growth, where a very dedicated and passionate team who is driving very strong 
value creation and I would like to thank everybody on the call for joining us 
today and for your continuous support to Godrej Consumer Products. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Sharekhan Limited that concludes this 
conference call.  
