 
 
Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript  
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 2013 Conference Call Transcript 
November 15, 2012 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej industries earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
conference call. If you should need assistance during this conference call please 
signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you 
Sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you for joining us on Godrej Industries Q2 & H1 FY 2013 results conference 
call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej – Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir 
Godrej – Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej – Managing Director and CEO of 
Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav, Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, 
Mr. Vivek Gambhir – Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. Ravi Venkateswar – Head Finance 
and Corporate Services and Mr. Clement Pinto – Vice President Finance of the 
Company.  
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management following 
which we will open the forum for a question and answer session. Before we begin, 
I would like to point out that some statements made in today’s call may be forward 
looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the conference call 
invite sent out to you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make his 
opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej Industries conference call 
to discuss the operating and financial results for the second quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2012.  
As you are all aware, Godrej Industries as a conglomerate represents a diverse 
range of businesses with a strong presence in some of the key growth sectors of 
the economy. I am pleased to share that we have performed well in most of our 
core businesses despite a challenging macro-economic environment.  
Let me now take you through key highlights of our various businesses, starting with 
our agri-businesses represented by Godrej Agrovet. Godrej Agrovet has been 
reporting impressive growth over the last few quarters and we are happy to note 
that this quarter also witnessed encouraging performance with the top-line 
increasing by 40% to about Rs.  900 crore. This was primarily driven by the animal 
feeds, oil palm and agri. inputs segments. The animal feeds business constitutes 
the largest part of total revenues and has delivered firm growth of 55% on the back 
of strong performance in aqua feed and cattle feed segments. The rural economy 
is performing extremely well and we are operating on a well-laid foundation to 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 2 of 7 
capitalize on the opportunity in this space. The manufacturing footprint of Godrej 
Agrovet also continued to grow with new feed mills being opened.  
Moving on to the oil-palm business – sales were higher by 60% as the production 
increased from mature plantation and additional acreages were brought under 
cultivation. We remain extremely enthused about the future of this vertical and are 
expanding operations by adding areas under oil-palm cultivation and setting up 
localized crushing mills. During the quarter, a new mill at Chintampalli at Andhra 
Pradesh commenced operations. The agri-inputs segment also witnessed strong 
growth traction from some of the existing plant growth regulator products – HBR 
and Zymegold granules registered increased volumes of 70% and 40% 
respectively over the corresponding period of the previous year. We have a new 
products pipeline, developed to cater to a wider base, for being launched in the 
current fiscal.  
This quarter has been challenging for ACI Godrej which was impacted by bird flu. 
The disease situation is now improving and the poultry breeding business is being 
re-populated.  In our Godrej Tyson JV, overall revenues grew by 18% with sales 
volumes to quick service restaurants increasing by 8%.  
With regards to our chemical business, revenues remained stable during the 
quarter. Profitability was impacted on account of a difficult global economic 
environment. We believe that these challenges are transitory and going forward in 
the medium term the business will improve in terms of performance and 
profitability. 
I would now like to take you through the key highlights at Godrej Consumer 
Products, which represents our FMCG business. We continue to perform well on 
all the operational parameters and are realizing synergies from effective 
integrations in both our domestic and international businesses. Alongside, we have 
reported strong financial performance for the quarter with revenues up by 35% 
driven by strong growth witnessed across geographies.  Our commitment to 
innovation to serve the evolving needs of consumer continues and we will invest 
more in brand building. We will continue our efforts at optimizing costs and 
improving efficiencies which would help Godrej Consumer Products in sustaining 
its growth momentum. 
Moving on to our property business - Godrej Properties has had an encouraging 
first half as the Company delivered strong growth in bookings, revenues and 
profits, despite  a challenging real estate and macro-economic enviornment. On 
the projects front, we received a staggering response for “Godrej Summit”, 
Gurgaon, where we managed to sell the entire launched area of over 1 million sq. 
ft. within 24 hours for a booking value of INR 600 crore. We continue to expand our 
business development portfolio with two new deals with ~3.69 million sq. ft. of 
saleable area added during the quarter. The quarter also witnessed positive 
operational cash flows and improved margins.   
Over the last few years, we have been following a disciplined approach to doubling 
down on our core businesses to drive sustained and profitable growth. In line with 
this focused portfolio strategy, in September 2012, we divested our stake in the 
Godrej Hershey joint venture. We incurred a loss on this transaction of around Rs. 
52 crore at the consolidated level and Rs. 145 crore at the standalone level. We 
will, however, not require to continue consolidating significant losses that the JV 
would have incurred. The first half 2013 our share of loss was about Rs. 26 crore. 
This decision is cash flow positive. 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 3 of 7 
 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the quarter, our 
consolidated Total Income grew by 40% to Rs. 1,989 crore from Rs. 1,423 crore 
during the same quarter last year and Net Profit stood at Rs.  77 crore. For the half 
year ended 30th September 2012 Consolidated Total income stood at Rs. 3,822 
crore, a growth of 39% and Net Profit stood at Rs. 118 crore. 
 
To conclude, we will continue to strengthen our position in our core businesses 
while fostering an inspiring place to work and creating shared value for all our 
stakeholders. 
 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentleman we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from Kushal Sanghrajka from HDFC Securities, please go-ahead. 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
My 1st question is to do with the stand-alone business. Other than the Rs. 50 
crores loss reported in the Godrej-Hershey investment, why has there been such a 
large hit at the bottom line? 
Adi Godrej 
May be you did not follow what I said. The Godrej-Hershey loss recorded at the 
consolidated level was Rs. 52 crores. Stand-alone level the loss was Rs. 145 
crores. 
Clement Pinto 
Yes, I will explain that. At stand-alone level the loss was higher and at consolidated 
level the loss was lower because we have already in the past taken our share of 
the JV loss from time to time. So the consolidated loss would be substantially lower 
to the extent of our share already taken into account. 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
My other question is to do with the chemical business. I think PBIT margins have 
fallen quite a bit this quarter. Can you explain a bit more on that and where do you 
see it going ahead in the next few quarters? 
Nadir Godrej 
With the global situation being as it is there are some challenges on the export 
front and it will continue for a little while but we are constantly working on 
increasing the specialty portfolio within our sales and as the share of specialties 
grow we will be able to weather this situation. 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
So this quarter would you say that the exports have been a little tough and at the 
same time have you experienced adverse situation on your raw-material front or 
how has it worked out?  
Nadir Godrej 
Raw-materials has come down significantly and temporarily we may have higher 
raw-material. But we expect the raw-material situation to stabilize now and prices if 
anything are going up from the bottoms that were reached. 
Adi Godrej 
And the domestic business continues to do well. 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
 In terms of your percentage of sales coming from the specialty chemicals, is there 
an approximate percentage that you can give us? 
Ravi Venkateswar 
37% comes from specialty chemicals. 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
 My last question is to do with the few articles that have been in the papers, I am 
sure you have got multiple questions on that. Is there any validity to those and 
when can we see anything going forward? 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 4 of 7 
Adi Godrej 
What articles are you referring to? 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
 The articles of Godrej-Agrovet’s possible listing or possible divestment? 
Adi Godrej 
As a matter of policy we do not comment on speculative reports.  
Kushal Sanghrajka 
 So there is nothing happening as of now? 
Adi Godrej 
I did not say that. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Sumeet Rohra from Silver Stallion, please go-ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
I was seeing the numbers of Godrej Agrovet are extremely stellar. Can you just 
give a view on the chemical business on how you foresee it from here and 
secondly I wanted to also ask you that are there any update on the Wadala land 
which is at BPT Trust or the 7 acres of something of that sort which we have? 
Adi Godrej 
No update on the Wadala land but we will continue to pursue the possible 
development of the Wadala land. On the chemical business as Nadir explained the 
global slowdown has affected the business. It is a cyclical business. We have had 
slowdowns in the past. So currently the international business is in a slowdown 
mode but as soon as the global economy improves we think we will continue to do 
well. Our domestic business continues to do well. 
Sumeet Rohra 
The reason I asked is because Godrej Properties is doing extremely well so as 
Godrej Consumer and so as Godrej Agrovet. So I just wanted to take your view on 
the chemical part? 
Adi Godrej 
Chemicals business is not doing as well as it did 2-3 quarters ago but we expect 
that we should get out of this cyclical situation soon. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Parul Inamdar an individual investor, please go ahead. 
Parul Inamdar 
We just wanted some clarification regarding the changes and the impending 
proceedings going on regarding the palm oil prices. Are there any developments 
over there? 
Balram Yadav 
The palm oil prices have definitely come down but since the formula allows the 
FFB prices to be priced as per the palm oil price so the cost of FFB has also come 
down. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Arjun Khanna from Principal Mutual Fund, please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Khanna 
In terms of the oil palm business, what percentage of our hectares are actually 
producing right now? 
Balram Yadav 
We really have total of 45,000 hectares - about 11,000 hectares are matured which 
is more than 7 years and about 13,000 hectares are between 4 and 7 years which 
are called juvenile. So you can say about 11,000 are producing at capacity which 
is about 18-19 tons per hectare of fruit bunches per annum and about 17,000-
18,000 are producing between 3-8 tons per hectare. 
Arjun Khanna 
In terms of expansion, have we planted any in the last few seasons? 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 5 of 7 
Balram Yadav 
Yes, in the 1st half we did close to about 3,000 hectares. 
Arjun Khanna 
This is slightly on a lower run rate than what we have had. 
Balram Yadav 
Most of the plantation particularly in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu which are 
our main areas of expansion happens during the north-east monsoon, which is 
December, January and February. 
Arjun Khanna 
Is there any target for the 2nd half? 
Balram Yadav 
I think we believe that annually we will be close to about 7,000-8,000 hectares this 
year also. 
Arjun Khanna 
In the Agri. business could you give us the sense of the volatility in the prices of 
raw-materials especially in terms of soya and everything else - how is that affecting 
the business? 
Balram Yadav 
So in animal feed business as you can see our topline grew 55% and the volumes 
grew 15% and most of it can be explained by inflation. So now the raw-material 
prices are coming down, so this is a cyclical thing, it happens every year. Where 
we are hurt badly is the chicken business, where the raw-materials prices rose and 
the cost of producing chicken rose, we were not able to pass on everything to the 
consumer so that business took a hit because of higher feed cost and also higher 
raw material prices. 
Arjun Khanna 
So when the reverse happens, given that we turn our inventory so many times, so 
we should not be really taking inventory losses again? Is that the correct 
understanding? 
Balram Yadav 
We know this game very well. It happens every year. Now the prices have started 
falling and we are hand to mouth. We are running at 5-6 days of inventory. 
Arjun Khanna 
My final question is In terms of the Temasek deal that was being talked about. Just 
a broad understanding, given that we are well capitalized, what would be the 
thought process in diluting it all, if at all? 
Adi Godrej 
We are not planning to have any dilution in Godrej Industries. I do not want to 
comment on future developments. As and when developments take place we are 
suppose to first inform the stock exchange. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Deepak Rohra from Quest Investment Advisor, please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Rohra 
I wanted to check something which has been mentioned in the presentation and 
the agri. business especially for this oil palm, which talks about the revised FFB 
pricing formula in Andhra Pradesh. So could you give us some sense of what is 
happening there? 
Balram Yadav 
So in Andhra Pradesh there is a VAT on the oil of 4% and earlier the payment was 
made at 12.83% of the oil price net of Vat and Government threw a circular, 
instead of net price they said that the payment will have to be made on the gross 
price. So that is hurting us because the courts have not given the stay and they 
have asked the Government to reconsider the decision. And the matter is under 
litigation and the Government is also trying to sort out this matter along with the 
industry association. So we believe that in the next 2-3 months this matter will be 
solved. 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 6 of 7 
Deepak Rohra 
This is restricted right now only to the Andhra Pradesh, it is not to any other state? 
Balram Yadav 
No, it is not to any other state. Unfortunately debate happens at Andhra Pradesh 
has the largest acreages of oil palm and most of the palm oil is also produced in 
Andhra Pradesh, so the other states will follow suit sooner or later. 
Deepak Rohra 
So they are basically watching, how it unfolds in Andhra Pradesh before. 
Balram Yadav 
They have to manage lot of other things like: How serious they are in promoting oil 
palm in their state, etc., that is why formulas are different in different states. In 
Andhra Pradesh we pay 12.83%, in some states we pay 12%. So it depends on 
the state policy also and how much support they want to give to oil palm. 
Deepak Rohra 
One query on Hershey’s deal, you mentioned that it cash flow positive over all. 
Would it be possible to get some sense of how do you look at it, how is the 
growth? 
Adi Godrej 
The point is that we got paid by Hershey, although we had to take a loss because 
our book value of the investment was much higher, so cash-flow positive in the 
sense that GIL got cash in this transaction. 
Deepak Rohra 
So it was valued at a significant premium to what you are holding it in your books. 
Is that correct? 
Adi Godrej 
No, it was valued at a discount to what our book value was but that value gets paid 
in cash, so our cash position improves, although we had to take a Rs. 145 crore 
loss at the standalone level and Rs. 52 crore at the consolidated level. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Parul Inamdar, an individual investor, please go ahead. 
Parul Inamdar 
Just wanted a further bit of clarification on the Andhra Pradesh pricing. Assuming 
that the 4% VAT continues to be applied on the gross price and not on the net 
price, what would be the possible impact on the Company’s business? 
Balram Yadav 
At the gross profit level it is about 2.5%. 
Adi Godrej 
It is not a major impact however we feel it is not valid and therefore we have 
challenged it in the court. The court has asked the Government to reconsider. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Sudhanshu Bhuwalka from Macquarie Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Sudhanshu B. 
Just a question on the Godrej Industries-Hershey’s JV. Have you all disclosed the 
cash consideration you received from Hershey’s, and if so what is it? 
Adi Godrej 
No, we have a confidentiality agreement and we may not be able to disclose that. 
But I can tell you that we have to take a Rs. 145 crore loss relative to our book 
value at the standalone level. That was a one-time loss and as I mentioned it will 
save consolidated losses very considerably in the future because of the loss 
making company and from a strategic point of view also we felt this was a good 
time to exit the business. This is a one-time loss and if you notice the numbers 
except for this one-time loss we have done extremely well in the quarter, both at 
the top-line and bottom line level. 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 7 of 7 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you, I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If 
you have any further questions or would like to know more about the Company, we 
would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to 
join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you gentleman of the management. On behalf of Godrej Industries that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
