 
 
Godrej Industries – Q1 FY13 Results Concall Transcript 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2013 Results Conference Call Transcript 
August 14, 2012 
 
 
Anoop Poojari 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej Industries Q1 
FY2013 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman of 
Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej, Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, 
Managing Director and CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav, 
Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer 
and Mr. Ravi Venkateswar, Head - Finance and Corporate Services of the 
Company. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management. Following 
which, we will open the forum to answer any questions you have. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been sent out in the 
conference call invite. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good evening everyone. I welcome you to Godrej Industries conference call to 
discuss GIL’s operating and financial results for the first quarter of the fiscal year 
2013. To begin with, I would like share with you that in a challenging operating 
environment, through our multi-faceted business model, GIL has continued to 
deliver strong results.. We are one of the most trusted brands in the country today 
and have stood the test of time, meeting challenges of shifting industry and end-
consumer preferences. Our strong management team, a focused and dynamic 
approach to managing the business and our focus on value creation has enabled 
us to maintain a strong growth trajectory. 
At the heart of our approach is a steadfast focus on our four core businesses as 
articulated in our CREATE strategy. These four core businesses are Agri, 
Consumer, Real Estate and Chemicals. We believe that these four core 
businesses provide us with tremendous growth opportunities. We have significant 
competitive advantages in these businesses and we will continue to direct our 
resources and energy to drive these businesses to full potential. 
Let me now take you through key highlights of our various businesses, starting with 
our agri-businesses. This quarter has been challenging at Godrej Agrovet due to 
unfavorable climatic conditions and rising input costs. However, a resilient business 
portfolio and a strong suite of innovative agri products enabled us to achieve a 
growth of 22% in revenues. Animal feeds business is the key contributor to the 
overall top-line and continues to report healthy increase in revenues. The current 
quarter revenues increased 24% registering volumes growth of 13%. With 
additional capacity coming online and new innovative products that will be 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 7 
launched in the upcoming quarters, this business is poised well for sustaining its 
momentum. 
The oil-palm business also registered a 20% growth in revenue during the quarter 
under review.  
During the quarter, the agri-inputs business registered strong growth of 34% in 
sales driven by strong volumes delivered by Zymgold Granule, a bio-stimulant 
product and Hitweed, a cotton herbicide. We are consciously expanding our brands 
and product portfolio to cater to the diverse needs of cultivators and thereby 
expanding reach.  
Our joint-ventures with ACI Bangladesh and Tyson foods reported subdued 
numbers during the quarter under review, with bird flu outbreak leading to de-
growth in ACI Godrej and high input costs impacting Godrej Tyson’s profitability. 
We are optimistic that these unfavorable market trends will reverse course going 
forward. Our teams are also working hard to improve the performance of the JV’s 
and improve margins. 
Moving on to our Chemicals business –this business segment continued to deliver 
steady performance with revenues registering a growth of 25% and PBIT growth of 
21%. The chemicals business largely remained unaffected by the difficult domestic 
macro-economic environment primarily on account of diversified product 
applications across sectors including personal care, home care, tyre industry and 
specialized applications. We continue to maintain our leadership position in the 
domestic market while expanding exports. Here, I am pleased to share that the 
Company is now entitled to be a Star Trading House, the second highest status, 
based on our export performance over the last four years. Our constant endeavor 
has been to improve the revenue mix by increasing the contribution from specialty 
chemicals and we have been able to achieve this successfully to an extent. Our 
unique manufacturing process and strong customer relations have remained key to 
our healthy performance in the chemicals business. 
I would now like to discuss key developments at Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. 
where GIL holds around 21.2% equity stake. If we look at our domestic business, 
this has been yet another quarter of very strong sales growth and market share 
gains for most of the categories that we participate in. Our international business, 
guided by our 3x3 strategy of being in three core categories and in emerging 
geographies in Asia, Africa and Latin America, has also displayed strong growth 
traction. Guided by our strategy to accelerate the pace of innovation and to 
strengthen our brand portfolio, we launched and re-launched products across 
categories. While the operating environment continues to be difficult, the Company 
has been able to deliver on both operational and financial parameters.  
Moving on to our property business; Godrej Properties had a good start to the year 
and reported strong growth in bookings, revenues, and profits during the quarter. 
We concluded several new agreements for residential projects in high growth cities 
like Mumbai and Kolkata; adding approximately 4 million sq. ft. of saleable area, 
which will ensure sustained growth going forward. The focus for new projects has 
been entirely on residential projects in high growth cities and on favorable deal 
structures that will enhance our margin profile. Another important development for 
the quarter was the creation of a Rs. 770 crore residential real estate development 
platform. This platform will allow us to access opportunities for land parcels with 
significant capital requirements in our focus markets without having to burden our 
balance sheet. The initial commitments will be in the ratio of 29:71 by GPL and the 
global investor consortium respectively which is led by APG. GPL will be the 
exclusive development manager of the projects to be pursued by the platform for 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 7 
which it will receive a significant development management fee / brand fee in 
addition to its share of profits. 
We also launched two residential projects in Mumbai & Pune and have received 
positive response at healthy price realizations. We have a robust launch calendar 
this fiscal year and expect these launches to assist us in delivering sustained 
bookings growth through the year. Despite a challenging environment in the real 
estate sector, we are confident that we will successfully leverage our ‘Godrej’ brand 
and proven business model to take advantage of the opportunities in the sector 
and deliver healthy performance in the future.  
 
I am happy to share that the Company successfully concluded the Institutional 
Placement Program (IPP) for Rs. 370.5 crore which was oversubscribed by 1.67 
times, thereby reaffirming the faith of the investor community in Godrej. The Public 
holding in GIL, post this issue is 25% (in line with SEBI’s minimum public holding 
norms). 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the quarter, our 
consolidated total income improved by 39% to Rs. 1833 crore from Rs. 1321 crore 
during the same quarter last year; consolidated PBT (other than exceptional items) 
grew by 31% and consolidated Net Profit (other than exceptional items) grew by 
38% .   
To conclude, we will remain focused on our “CREATE” approach that allows us to 
represent the India growth story and harness opportunities in a diverse array of 
businesses. This growth centric strategy has enabled us to create value over the 
long term and we are confident of continuing to deliver value for all our 
stakeholders going forward.  
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session.  Our first question is from Manish Gandhi, who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
I just wanted to ask - I know about this regulatory thing and that we have a diluted 
stake in Godrej Industries. But when we were talking in past also, last two to three 
quarters back, when it was Rs. 210 or 205, even you were of the view that it is 
undervalued. So, I just could not figure out what was the rationale behind selling it 
at such a discounted price. Can you please explain this to me, it will be helpful? 
Adi Godrej 
First of all, we have not sold any shares. We have asked for investment into the 
company and clearly, we are supposed to do this by a certain timeframe and we 
felt it might be much better in the current situation to do it earlier than later, 
because we do not know how global economic factors might play out. Secondly, in 
the present circumstances, we thought it would be good to be cash rich and be 
able to invest in opportunities as they come along, that is why we selected this 
time. 
Manish Gandhi 
Actually, as a minority shareholder, we would have been happy, if you could have 
come out by way of right or something? 
Adi Godrej 
But rights would not dilute the shareholding. 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Manish Gandhi 
Then management could have opted not to subscribe fully and we could have done 
it. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes, but when it hovers around 80%, it is difficult not to subscribe and yet get 
added for subscription. 
Manish Gandhi 
And one more question to Mr. Balram Yadav. Can you just throw some light on the 
different segments of Agrovet, Mr. Godrej just said that we had some margin 
problem in few of the segments; can you just explain in detail and going forward 
what can happen? Bangladesh, I can understand. 
Balram Yadav 
One thing which you would have seen in animal feeds is that we have a 24% top 
line growth because there was a huge escalation of raw material prices particularly 
soya meal and corn because of the global situation. Now on one hand, the sales of 
animal feed has increased in value, but on the other hand, our Godrej Tyson 
business where it is the input, so the cost escalation has hit our margins in the 
Godrej Tyson business, because whatever the increases have happened in terms 
of cost, a similar price increase is not possible to take immediately in the chicken 
prices, because dynamics of both the industries is different. So this explains the 
growth in animal feeds and the lower margin in the Godrej Tyson business. In oil 
palm, we had a slower start as compared to last year because of a little bit of delay 
in monsoon in the areas where we are operating, particularly Andhra Pradesh. So 
our expectation of say first quarter for the FFB and oil production were much 
higher, but unfortunately because of delayed monsoon, the whole season is 
delayed by two-three weeks and we planned to catch up in this quarter and the 
next quarter. So we believe that it might be delayed by two-three weeks and if you 
look at agricultural business quarter to quarter, you will ask me these questions 
that why this quarter is different from the last one, but for us, it is just a delay of 
two-three weeks in the deal. 
Manish Gandhi 
Pirojsha, can you just tell me what is happening on BKC thing and are there any 
chances that we can convert it to the residential thing? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The plans for BKC are on track. With the advanced stages of finalizing the design 
we expect to start construction as soon as the monsoon is over. We do not expect 
to convert this to a residential. There is some talk of potentially some rules in BKC 
changing, but at most, it may partially change the composition, but currently the 
plans continue to be for a commercial development. 
Manish Gandhi 
And any planning of launching anything in Godrej Trees Project, any new launches 
in this current year? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Godrej One, of course our commercial office building is proceeding very well. We 
have completed the structure of the building last month and I think that is 
scheduled to complete on target early next year. The plan has always been to first 
complete Godrej One, move our existing facilities into that building and that will 
allow us to then clear up the other land required for future launches. So I do not 
think we expect any future launches in the Trees this financial year, but certainly 
we do expect some in the next financial year. Meanwhile we do have another 
project at Vikhroli called Godrej Platinum, which is under the development 
management model with Godrej & Boyce and that project is also proceeding very 
nicely. We have almost sold out the first two towers of the project that have been 
launched. Prices have increased by about 25% from the launch in October despite 
flat market conditions. We expect to launch the third tower in that project in the 
coming months. 
Moderator 
Our next question is from Grishma Shah of Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Grishma Shah 
I just wanted to know, the chemical business has seen a strong growth and that we 
have seen across various chemical companies this quarter. Would you help us 
understand why has that been so? 
Nadir Godrej 
Chemical demand has been quite good both in India and overseas and we 
continue to expect things to go in the same way.  
Adi Godrej 
Our business is Oleochemicals and I do not think we should necessarily compare it 
with other types of chemicals. Although, coincidentally it might be that we have 
grown well and they might have grown well. But generally India is competitive and 
we have been quite competitive and successful in this business over the last 
several quarters. 
Grishma Shah 
Any particular industry which is driving the growth for the chemical business? 
Nadir Godrej 
For our business, the big user industry is personal care and that of course is doing 
very well, so that helps. 
Vivek Gambhir 
If I can add a couple comments here - a lot of the chemicals that we provide are 
used as input into things such as deodorants, toothpaste and skin care application. 
You can look at it globally in FMCG, some of the more premium FMCG products 
have been showing a lot of growth and along with the growth in premium products, 
we have seen very robust growth for our input chemicals. 
Grishma Shah 
But those would be your specialty chemicals which would have found application? 
Vivek Gambhir 
That is correct. If you look at the salience of specialty chemicals that has been 
steadily increasing over time as well. 
Grishma Shah 
Yes, but the balance portfolio overall also has seen good growth. 
Adi Godrej 
Some of the earlier products, not specialty products, also go into cosmetics and 
toiletries. 
Nadir Godrej 
Because it is the making of specialty chemicals for personal care. 
Grishma Shah 
And the other question is, can you also now tell us which state are you currently 
selling your seeds? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The major seed sales was corn in the last season and most of these seeds were 
sold in State of Maharashtra, almost 90%. 
Grishma Shah 
And you also said that you are launching R&D product programs etc. So how much 
are you going to spend on R&D going ahead? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Last year, we spent close to about 10% of our PBT and I think that this year we will 
maintain the same percentage. 
Grishma Shah 
PBT of overall Godrej Industries? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
No, Godrej Agrovet. 
Grishma Shah 
As per the media articles what we read in newspaper, would you like to comment 
on the Hershey JV please? 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Adi Godrej 
I would not like to comment on speculative reports. But Godrej Industries has 
passed a resolution at the last board meeting held on Saturday that we will look at 
all opportunities to restructure Godrej Hershey and so we will go forward. It is not a 
business we are very happy with the results of and we will look to restructure. 
Grishma Shah 
And the last question on the agricultural input, I understand that we are pretty small 
and we have just one major product here. But could you give a sense how the 
entire industry is shaping up in terms of the agro-chem if at all? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Agricultural input - this year we have grown almost 37% top line in the first quarter 
and of course the industry had a slow start. But we are very encouraged by rains in 
the last few weeks in particularly Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat, the 
areas which were deficient. So we believe that at one time, we thought, say a 
month ago that this will be an average year, but we believe that it will be a good 
year for agricultural business. 
Grishma Shah 
Overall including, if one had an entire product portfolio say insecticide, herbicide, 
everything, do you think it would be a good average year to be? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
If you are talking from the industry point of view - in case the rains continue like this 
and there is adequate soil moisture, we are going to have a very good Rabi and I 
think this will hold for the industry also that it will be a good year. 
Moderator 
Our next question is from Mahesh Matani, he is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Matani 
Actually I wanted to ask our rationale behind investing in Godrej consumer and 
Godrej Properties - additional 150 crore? 
Adi Godrej 
We have passed an enabling resolution because in the event when some of the 
companies offer a rights issue or in the event there is an opportunity to buy some 
shares from one of the promoter companies, then we should be enabled to do so. 
It’s only an enabling resolution. 
Mahesh Mitani 
But my main concern is that right now Godrej Consumer has become such a large 
company and in an event of fund requirement, Godrej Consumer would be able to 
raise money from the market. So instead of deploying our capital in Godrej 
Consumer, we might as well invest in other businesses. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes it is possible. Say if Godrej Consumer Board decides to have a rights issue, 
we have the option to pass it. We can study what are the options. But in case we 
feel, it is worthwhile our investing, we should have an enabling resolution because 
if you do not have an enabling resolution then by the time you pass it in the board 
and you get a shareholders’ approval, it takes far too long. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the Jasdeep Walia of Kotak 
Securities Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Could you elaborate on why the margins in the animal feed business seem to be 
under pressure in percentage terms. Because if I see the PBIT of that division has 
broadly grown little bit lower than the volume growth in that business. So is it 
because that the soft commodity prices were higher, so margins were under 
pressure and going forward the margins would increase? 
Balram Yadav  
The margins are a little lower than the volume growth primarily because of a huge 
escalation in the commodity prices and it is not always possible to pass on all the 
cost increases immediately to the consumer. So there is a time lag in some 

GIL Q1 FY 2012-13 - Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 7 
products, about a week and some products about two to three weeks depending 
upon the output prices, that is, chicken, egg and milk. But going forward, we have 
got all; that is point number one. Point number two, the margin is increasing and 
you will see as the quarter passes, the margins will improve further. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Also if you could talk about that trend in contribution margins per ton in the 
business, year-on-year? 
Balram Yadav  
If you are talking about quarter-on-quarter? 
Jasdeep Walia 
Yeah last year and this year basically? 
Balram Yadav  
Last year to his year, there is a little bit of improvement. But I think the major 
improvements you will see in the coming quarters. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would now like to hand the floor back to management for closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the Company, we 
would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to 
join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference call.  
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
