 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Tanla Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY11 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MODERATORS: MR. UDAY REDDY 
 
 
 
MR. AMIT GUPTA 
 
 
 
MR. GAUTAM SABHARWAL 
 
 
 
MR. SATISH KATHIRISETTI 
 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good evening and welcome to the Tanla Solutions Limited Q1 FY 2010-
2011 Results Conference Call. As the reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Uday Reddy of Tanla Solutions, thank you and over to you sir. 
Uday Reddy: 
Thank you. Good evening everybody. Welcome to this first quarter conference call and I am with 
Satish who is our CTO, who will take us through our patent grant, then I Anoop who heads our 
Finnish Operations and Amit, Director Finance who is logged in, we need to excuse him and 
Gautam logged in from London, who is going to give us a quick update on the business. Amit 
would you like to add something here. 
Amit Gupta: 
Everyone thanks for coming for the first quarter call. I wanted to be very much part of this call, 
but fortunately I have been blessed with a daughter just half an hour back and I would request 
everyone on this call to excuse me, because I would like to be with my wife and daughter. If 
anyone has any questions I will be more than happy to receive them on ir@tanla.com so anyway 
thanks and I will be logging out now. Thanks a lot. 
Uday Reddy: 
Thanks Amit. Before I hand it over to Gautam, I would like to give a quick update in terms of 
numbers. As you know, our topline is on 76 Crores with EBITDA of 20 Crores and in terms of 
product mix 8.63 Crores has come from products, around 47 Crores has come from network 
aggregation business and around 1.3 Crores has come from professional services and around 18 
Crores has come from mobile payments and the revenue is basically decreased by almost around 
20% sequentially quarter-on-quarter mainly for two reasons, one is around 5 Crores drop is due 
to currency conversion and the second reason is on account of drop in products and licensed 
managed business vertical. In fact our licenses from fourth quarter of the last year to this quarter 
dropped to almost 50%, which Gautam will take you into the details. In terms of EBITDA 
margin from each revenue stream, we has around 3.8 Crores has come from products and around 
13 Crores has come from network aggregation business and around 3.5 Crores has come from 
mobile payments and around 0.06 Crores has come from professional services. Now I would like 
to hand over to Gautam who will take us through the business. 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Thanks. As we pointed out I will just run you quickly through each of the revenue streams, 
Aggregation quarter-on-quarter has been pretty much flat. There is a small drop due to seasonal 
adjustments and as traditionally the summer months are a bit quite on aggregation due to lower 
success on the billing attempts as well as less we do not run many large campaigns during the 
summer months as traditionally a lot of people in UK are on holiday. So we expect that to come 
back to normal kind in the next quarter and grow from there on. 
We have also been successful in adding some good new clients in the aggregation space 
particularly EVP and Alford's being one of the largest retailers in UK and EVP being a provider 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 3 of 9 
of web to mobile payments worldwide. We have added some good new customers in the South 
African market particularly Quadra Mobiles, who we expect to drive significant revenues going 
forward. The business that has expectedly suffered the most in the last quarter has been the Tanla 
License Manager  business as we have announced earlier to the market due to a change in Nokia 
strategy and there is a decision (05:34) to distribute Map free. We had expected a large drop in 
the shipment of licenses on Nokia phones. This has now materialized in the last quarter and we 
have seen as we have pointed a drop of over 50% in the month in license shipments. 
Our Mobile Payment business, however, is the payments; the transactions revenue at the back of 
this is still holding strong and we expect that to continue as we go forward. In telecom products 
again there has been a sequential drop due to seasonal factors and again we expect this to come 
back strongly in the next quarter. Just going forward some of the customer wins, particularly in 
telecom products we have had a win with Aircel, where we are deploying our missed call alert 
platforms in six new circles and we will be handling all of Aircel’s missed call alert traffic. We 
are also deploying our USSD Gateways with them and outbound dialer self for two new circles. 
In License Manager just going forward for mobile payments, we are pushing strategy of 
preloading our License Manager and content on handsets to this effect we have signed up new 
customers in form of BO world CSL, which is a handset manufacturer based out of Malaysia. We 
are starting a project talk with them in September and from the month of September, we will be 
shipping on roughly about 100,000 handsets to start with and this will grow to about 400,000 to 
500,000 handsets on a monthly basis in about six months' time. We have signed the number of 
ISVs, Tractor Software, Provider of Maps and Navigation Services, FPB has a number of titles 
for Windows Mobile, Symbian, and iPhone devices and the Paragon Software Group, which is 
Windows Mobile, Symbian, and Android products. Just to add to that License Manager has now 
been traditionally been seen as the Symbian solution, but now we have developed that on 
Android and Java devices and we now more of a cross platform house enabling us to target ISVs 
on every platform as well as handset manufacturers. 
After that on our License Manager we have also had some good success in India. We have signed 
up one of the largest content providers in the Indian market for games and they would be using 
our License Manager to deploy their services on all mobile carriers in India. In addition, in the 
Indian market we have had good success with Sony Entertainment India where Tanla was 
handling all the traffic for Indian Idol and currently the ongoing Kaun Banega Crorepati game 
show where Tanla is handling all the voting and response messages for the KBC show. In Aircel, 
our SMSE handled over 223 million bulk SMS messages in a single month, which is milestone 
for Tanla and as well as with MTNL we have deployed very new services and our processing live 
traffic for video messages on any missed call. 
Again Telescope has licensed our InTune solution, which is audition software, which we expect 
rollout is now complete and we expect that go live with media clients in this quarter. Again if 
you have any other questions, please feel free to ask during the question time and I will now hand 
over to Mr. Satish, to give you an update on our recent patent grant. Thanks. 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Satish Kathirisetti: 
Thanks Gautam good evening everyone. I think in the last conference call I had given a brief 
overview on the patent grant in Singapore for our AMR and wireless mesh networking protocol 
and I am quite happy to inform you that we have been now granted the patent in India as well and 
this is especially very important for us as now that we have patents for the India operations as 
well we can now look at a commercial model of taking this patent forward. We also have the 
patent examination now happening in Malaysia and we should now be expecting the same to 
happen in the European patent office, so with this our coverage what we fairly comprehensive 
and as explained previously we will give you a very, very quick overview of what we have done. 
We have actually patented an innovative method of communication, wireless communications 
especially for sensor networks, which uses a wireless mesh network. It transfer information using 
extremely low cost RF devices, but over large distances because of the hopping mechanism that 
we have invented to ensure that data can be moved to large distances and this is what we have 
applied for a patent in terms of meter reading capabilities and we have been granted the same in 
Singapore and India and expect the same again in Malaysia and Europe. For any other 
information, please feel free to contact. You can have a conversation as to how it can work and 
where all it can be applied. There are many applications for this technology apart from just meter 
reading and we are happy to discuss this same with anyone who is interested. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vijay Nahar an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Nahar: 
Thank you. Good evening. Last year on 24/07 NDTV the company executive had given us a 
revenue target of about 1000 Crores for this year from 669 Crores of the 2009 year ending, but in 
fact it has dropped down by 50%, where did the revenue go down and how are we going to 
achieve the target and when? 
Uday: 
I do not think any of our executives went on NDTV and gave any projections. We never gave 
any projection, but having said that when we signed Nokia agreement for five year agreement 
recently when one of our anchors who were insisting on giving the projections like and we are 
trying to substantiate with our License Manager business that is number one. Number two why 
the revenues are down, as we explained in the last 10-15 minutes call, our revenues are basically 
down for two reasons, one is because of the currency conversion rates that is number one. 
Number two is as we explained the last two quarters, our License Manager with Nokia has been 
stopped shipping in some of the handsets on Nokia, primarily Nokia has decided to offer free 
navigation services to mobile users wherein they do not need our License Manager. Number two 
is since Nokia has decided to offer its free navigation services, even now our mobile payments 
from Nokia business mainly from navigation sales it has also dropped very drastically. 
Vijay Nahar: 
How are we going to increase the revenue in the coming quarter? 
Uday: 
Our strategy is like we have to stick to our core competence in terms of mobile products and 
mobile payments. We are going to concentrate in India. India is a big opportunity for us. We 
expect to do good in India and we are also looking at Africa where we are talking to the Zain 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Telecom through Bharti in India and we also have our business in South Africa, which has been 
established for the last one and a half years started showing targeted growth out here. 
Vijay Nahar: 
About the 3G Spectrum business are you expecting good revenue out of that? 
Uday: 
Our view is that operators will take I think, couple of more quarters. We thought operators will 
announce their operations by the end of this December, but the way I see is, it is my personal 
view, it will take two more quarters before they announce 3G services, full-fledged services and 
it will definitely take some time before we see any revenues from 3G vertical. 
Vijay Nahar: 
But are we looking out at very good revenue from them, what kind of revenue we could look 
forward from 3G Spectrum? 
Uday: 
I may not be able to substantiate any numbers, any projections, but what I can tell you is we have 
a couple of deployments already with MTNL in India and we are talking to BSNL in fact, BSNL 
they have been using couple of our platform, 3G platform, but we have not yet finalized the 
commercial and we have tremendous expertise in the 3G products and we hope to see lot of 
deployments in 3G space in India. So I am afraid I cannot really put any numbers in terms of 
terms of predictions and all. 
Vijay Nahar: 
Last question. Tanla standalone, Tanla Solution is showing the losses. Can those losses not be 
ruled out? Standalone Tanla Solution like this quarter they have 7.57 Crores losses, is not that we 
cannot get rid of these losses, why are the losses coming in? 
Uday: 
One is like you know as I told you we are going to concentrate heavily in India and all the 
revenues that are going to come from India are going to be booked in standalone and I hope we 
are back in track in the next couple of quarters in terms of standalones business. 
Vijay Nahar: 
Thank you, very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Naval Sheth from ICICI Direct. Please go ahead. 
Naval Sheth: 
Good evening. Actually we have been sharing, we are getting and we are expanding into 
different markets, but from last few quarters it is not visible in revenues, that revenues are not 
being growing. So how is the business expected to grow in the near future and we had expected 
around close to 50% decline in our overall revenue in FY'10 compared with FY'09. So if this is 
the scenario going forward itself, so again we will be witnessing a dip in FY'11 revenues also, so 
that is the stage we are on, so how you will guide for FY'11? 
Uday : 
I cannot really give you any projections  for 2010 and 2011. As we have told you like we are 
going to concentrate in India and Africa and we are expecting a lot of deployments in India as 
well as in Africa. We are pretty confident about our business, but they maybe because of the 
Nokia business which was proposed to take off the last eight months mainly suddenly Nokia has 
announced free navigation services, that has really pulled our numbers and we hope to see in fact 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 6 of 9 
we are going to launch a couple of new products in both in mobile payments as well as in mobile 
products. I think our revenues from both these new products should really bring something in 
terms of number side. 
Naval Sheth: 
But from when these numbers will we be seeing the numbers in the results, from when it will 
kick in? 
Uday : 
As Gautam explained we have launched a new product called Intunes and we have the 
commercial agreement with a company called Telescope in US. They are expected to 
commercialize this product in this quarter and in terms of mobile payment I think Gautham is the 
right person. We are going to launch a product called Market Line product, which is going to be 
launched in the next 15-20 days probably I will request Gautham to explain a little bit about what 
is the core product is all about. Gautam, can you please explain about that. 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Very quickly as I pointed out earlier we have done the tradition has increased in the Indian house 
hence the strong Nokia focus but License Manager has now being developed across  platform 
solutions which enables us to target all handset manufacturers especially the new and emerging 
handset manufacturers using the Android platform as well as all software vendors on all different 
types of platforms whether it is Android, whether it is Blackberry, whether it is Symbian, or 
Windows Mobile. So we are launching a web based solution to target application developers 
around the world to simply integrate with our billing and licensing platform through pin code 
mechanism on the web and through that basically bill and distribute their applications and 
software in any part of the world, so basically the advantage is that as you know there is an 
explosion in mobile application around the world and everybody needs new ways to monetize 
these application as well as through applications tool to distributing it on preloading on handsets, 
or through selling their application direct to consumers, so Tanla will be providing a simple-to-
use in application billing and on device payment mechanism to application developers 
worldwide, with simple integration on the web. This is a product that is coming to market in the 
next few weeks and we expect this to have a positive impact on our numbers along with that we 
have signed a number of preload contracts with handset manufacturers like we pointed out CFL, 
where we expect to see in the next month a 100,000 handsets shipping with our products and that 
number will grow to about 400,000 to 500,000 within six months on a monthly basis. So these 
are the things that we have, lot of works in progress, we have deals with SanDisk where our 
License Manager is being installed on 17.5 million memory cards in this financial year. So as 
these products begin to come to market we will see an uptake in our mobile payments business 
and again we expect that to take around two quarters before we see that materialized. 
Naval Sheth: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nirav Dalal from Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Good evening sir. I just wanted to know whether the bottom has been reached in terms of the 
mobile payments because we have seen the impact of the Nokia strategy change in the last 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 7 of 9 
quarter of last year and in the first quarter of this year, so just wanted to know whether the 
bottom has been reached in that. 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Just to clarify that, there are two elements in our mobile payments business; one is the transaction 
revenues and the other is license revenues. In terms of license revenue there was a big margin 
driver for us in the mobile payments business and that was primarily been driven by Nokia Map 
where we were installing licenses on all Nokia handsets with the shipping. So within Nokia we 
were working with two different platforms one was S60 and the other was S40. So the S60 was 
the largest volume driver as far as our licenses were concerned and as far as that is concerned I 
think now we are pretty much in the back of S60 and more or less that is now almost negligible. 
In terms of S40 we are still shipping on S40 platform and on that platform Nokia is not currently 
distributing it free so we do not have any outlook as far as S40 is concerned at the moment and 
not really comment on Nokia strategy on how that would change in the near future. As we get a 
view on that we will share that with the market. But currently I think the more or less volumes 
are down towards small fraction, so we are more or less near the bottom as far as mobile 
payments are concerned. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Okay, off the mobile payments how much should be the transaction revenues for the quarter and 
for the sequential quarter? 
Uday: 
I do not have the breakup with me. I think Amit is the right person there. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Right, I will send him an email, and when you had announced the Nokia deal you had spoken 
about 60-65 million revenues in FY'11, 125 million in FY'12. Was this on the back of only Maps 
or where there any other licenses that you would be selling to Nokia? 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
See we are working with Nokia on many fronts, but the biggest revenue generator for us, the 
biggest margin driver for us been the Maps business, so the forecast that we did throughout  in 
the market last year was off the back of large contributor to that what has been Maps. But we do 
have other lines of business with Nokia in the form of License Manager is being used on for 
project is a project in India. We support Nokia software market, which is that again is a License 
Manager; we just talked  about the software market. There are other lines, there are other forms 
with Nokia, we are preloading other kinds of contents on the handsets, but really this is the big 
margin driver and the big business on which we have built a lot of our forecasts. As we have seen 
last year and early part of this year we have had tremendous growth with Nokia and we were 
shipping on roughly 6 million devices every month. So based on that we have built our forecast 
and obviously the adverse news of Nokia deciding to distribute that free has impacted our plans 
pretty drastically. But saying that, we are pursuing different lines and different strategies to 
preloading contents with other handset manufacturers. Today Tanla is not just working with 
Nokia, we have built our software on Sony Ericsson devices, on LG and we are targeting the new 
and emerging handset manufacturers particularly in these markets and we have seen pretty good 
success in that workspace. 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Nirav Dalal: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Hari Bhaskar from Anuj Shares and Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Hari Bhaskar: 
Good evening sir. I would just like to know what would be the provision for taxation for this Q1 
FY'11? 
Uday: 
That will be minimal, right now we are operating out of SEZ and then we have lots of 
depreciation on other subsidiaries, so it is going to be a very minimal amount.  
Hari Bhaskar: 
And what about your CapEx plan for your business in India? You are planning to setting to turn 
back to India, so what would be your CapEx for your FY'11 and FY'12? 
Uday: 
It all depends on the number of orders that we are going to get, the number of deployments that 
we are going to have. For example, like right now in terms of Aircel, we participate in a couple 
of deployments in northern regions and in fact I cannot name the vendor we have just replaced 
their MCA with our MCA and this deployment is going on and with this deployment we would 
be handling half of Aircel MCA traffic which effectively says like we will completely handle 
northern part of MCA, miss call alert traffics and mainly for this product we should be able to 
recover our money in the next one year's time. So going back to your question like it all depends 
on the number of deployment that we have, the more deployments we have the more CapEx that 
we would like to spend. 
Hari Bhaskar: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Uday: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have a followup question from Nirav Dalal from Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Could you give us a geographical distribution of your revenues? 
Uday: 
I think I am afraid you have to send a mail to Amit. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Not a problem. The standalone revenues include only India or there are other revenues? 
Uday: 
The standalone would be of course it does include India, yes. 
Nirav Dalal: 
Is it entirely India or is there any subsidiary as well? 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
We do not have any subsidiaries in India.  
Nirav Dalal: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2010 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand over the floor back to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Uday Reddy: 
Thank you. Thanks for coming on the call. If you have any questions please send it to 
ir@tanla.com and we will come back as early as possible. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tanla Solutions Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
