 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Tanla Solutions Limited 
Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MODERATORS: MR. UDAY KUMAR REDDY 
MR. AMIT GUPTA 
MR. GAUTAM SABHARWAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good evening and welcome to the Tanla 
Solutions Limited Q2 FY’11 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participants will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's 
presentation. Should you need assistance during this conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing "*" followed by "0" on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Uday Kumar 
Reddy CMD of Tanla Solutions Limited. Thank you and over to you 
Mr. Reddy. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks Vivian. Good evening everybody. Thanks for coming in the 
call. We have circulated the investor’s update and this investor 
update is quite exhaustive both in terms of business update as well as 
in terms of numbers. Amit, Director Finance has joined me.  Gautam 
Sabharwal who has joined from London is going to give us update on 
business. I will give a quick update in terms of India business then 
Gautam will take over and will give you the update on our 
international business. 
 
We have seen some traction in India; in fact we have launched a 
product called License Manager/Wrapper, which has gone live with 
Bharti Airtel this quarter. In fact the day we launched this Wrapper 
on the Airtel portal we have added more than 125,000 subscribers on 
the portal. We are talking to other mobile operators in India as well 
as outside India to launch these products and we are expecting a huge 
traction from this product. Probably Gautam will give you a quick 
update in terms of these products, features and highlights. In terms of 
the deployments with Aircel; they are quite on schedule and probably 
in next 20 days we should be able to finish our MCA deployments 
across India and we should be able to handle 50% of Aircel MCA 
traffic from our platforms. That was a major achievement last 
quarter. I think we expect to win more business from Aircel. We have 
deployed two more SMSCs with Aircel; one in Mumbai and other 
one in Delhi and we expect the commercial launch of both the 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 3 of 9 
SMSCs in the next 20 days. In fact as you guys know we are the ones 
who are handling KBC traffic through Sony short-code, we have 
successfully handled the entire traffic and are seeing and expecting 
good revenues from KBC as we speak. This is a quick update from 
my side. Now I would like to hand it over to Gautam who will 
provide an update on international business. 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Thanks Uday. I will start giving you update on our mobile payments 
business. As you have noticed this is the one area that we have shown 
a decline quarter-on-quarter. Just to elaborate on the reasons for this, 
as you are all aware in January of this year we faced a setback due to 
Nokia deciding to give free navigation on all its phones. As a result 
of that we have seen a decline in shipment of licenses in the fourth 
quarter of last fiscal this was down to 16 million and since then we 
had a dramatic drop of 8 million in the last quarter finally down to 3 
million in this quarter. Having faced such a huge setback in our 
licensing business we have still managed to maintain our mobile 
payments revenue at a reasonable level showing just a 16% drop. 
This was due to several new initiatives that we have been successful 
in developing. On one hand with Nokia and also with several other 
customers. With Nokia for example we are working on and have 
gone live with several new initiatives around its core navigation 
business where license manager will be used. With other customers 
we are suggestive like our relationship with Nokia is continuing to 
grow although due we had a brief setback, but we are beginning to 
plough that back through other areas. 
 
On mobile payments as we had announced last quarter our payments 
system is being used by Sony Ericsson and LG and we are beginning 
to see transactions steadily coming through those handset 
manufacturers. Again on the payment side we have had a significant 
success this quarter. We have a closed deal with TCL Alcatel, which 
is one of the larger manufacturers of handsets where we will be 
preloading our games and applications on to their Android handsets, 
which are increasingly becoming more and more popular all over the 
world. Over and above that we have closed a significant deal with 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 4 of 9 
KingMax, which is one of the leading memory card vendors in the 
Far East. Again we will be preloading our content and applications 
along with license manager on these devices. 
 
Moving on from Mobile Payments to our telecom product business as 
Uday highlighted we have had reasonable success in India. With 
Aircel we have deployments ongoing for MCA, SMSCs and OBD. 
Also as Uday pointed out we will be handling 50% or upwards of 
Aircel’s missed call traffic, which is a significant achievement for 
Tanla. Again staying with products we have three pilot projects on 
the go, one with Reliance, one with Aircel and the other with BSNL 
for our 3G value added services platform and we have a live 
deployment with MTNL in Delhi. So again we expect some of these 
to move on to commercial deployment and as and when that happens 
we will keep the market informed. 
 
As Uday highlighted we had a significant win with Airtel where our 
license manager is being used to support the games club on Airtel 
Live and as Uday pointed in a single day we attracted over 120,000 
subscribers to the games club. That is an interesting development for 
Tanla and we are in talks with other operators, fairly advanced talks 
and as those deals materialize we will be announcing them to the 
market. Just to explain a little bit about the games club and where our 
product really fits in and how we add value to this offering. Basically 
Airtel Games club is a subscription service where subscriber can 
subscribe to it and get access to games on either a set of games or 
unlimited games. Our software wraps around each game that is 
uploaded on the Games Club and allows the user very flexible 
options for paying for the content as well as for using the content. 
Now a lot of games and other content that are used, do not have a 
potential use with the subscriber. People like to play them a few 
times and then may be get something new, which is the role that our 
license manager provides here. We provide various payment options, 
like pay per play, try and buy subscriptions to the subscriber as well 
as provide options to promote other games and other services. So we 
provide search and recommendation features within the game to 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 5 of 9 
allow the operator to generate additional revenues from their Games 
Club offering. 
 
Just again moving on from this product we have also had some 
success internationally in our telecom products business. We have 
sold our platform which is called CREAT, which is a fully managed 
mobile internet and campaign management solution to an operator 
called Speeda Mobile, which a startup operator is coming out of 
Uganda. Additionally, we have had a successful deployment of our 
InTunes platform in the US with Telescope. This is now due to go 
live with some of the largest brands in the world and we expect a 
steady stream of revenues coming in from this Telescope 
deployment. 
 
Moving on to our aggregation business, we have had a successful 
quarter; not just in the UK but also in other markets where we have 
seen quarter-on-quarter growth of 10%. The reason behind really is 
we have attracted some new customers within this space, the likes of 
for Fortuna, which is one of the largest providers of web to mobile 
payments. We have been successful in securing the Royal British 
Legion campaign. Again this year for the fourth year running, Tanla 
will be running the Royal British Legion campaign in the UK. In 
addition, we have signed up companies like Zong, which is one of the 
largest providers of mobile payments. They are using us in both 
South Africa and in India. Mobile-First, EG Telecom, Get-Scouted 
just to name a few. So as we speak we are seeing good traction in the 
aggregation business particularly in markets like South Africa and in 
India we are getting a lot of traction from the operators that we 
support but we are still developing our offer in India and as we get it 
right we expect this market to explode forward for aggregation. 
 
So that is all from me. We will open this up to Q&A from here on 
and please feel free to ask any questions. 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you very Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Sheetal Maheswari from Multi Act Research. Please go ahead. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
Can you throw some light on the net current asset and the total debt 
as on today? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
We do not have any debts on the books from the beginning. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
What are the net current assets? 
Amit Gupta: 
It is around 450 Crores.  
Sheetal Maheswari: 
That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Maheshwari. The next question is from the line of 
Nikhil Pahwa from Media Nama. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Just wanted to get a sense of how you are placed with respect to the 
3G rollout and the deals there, are they pieced out, that you may be in 
the process of closing what is compared to the scenario in terms of 
the 3G deals in India?  
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Nikhil, as we earlier said on the call we had one deployment with the 
MTNL and currently the test phase is running with three operators. 
We are also negotiating with other operators mainly with Airtel for 
different applications and platforms within 3G. . It would typically 
take one more quarter before the operator decides to finalize with 
applications and the platforms and we expect these operators to 
launch the VAS services probably by end of fourth quarter beginning 
next year. I will not comment on the RFPs that we are participating 
in.  
Nikhil Pahwa: 
But just curious about what On Mobiles acquisition of Dilithium, 
what sort of an impact does it have? Are they competing with you in 
any spaces and overlap in terms of the services being provided? 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Basically within 3G space we have a platform and we have the 
applications which we are going to see on the platforms, so we have 
bit of both, both in terms of platforms as well as applications, which 
we have deployed overseas and I cannot really comment on other 
companies. 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
But to just to add to that way we see it is Dilithium is more of a 
network level, it does the switching to the HSDP, so enabling a 3G 
video call, whereas our platforms or applications that make use of 
video calling feature available on 3G networks and provide value 
added services like video chat, video conferencing, person-to-person, 
or person-to-many video entertainment services. So while Dilithium 
is lower level we are application layer. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Also you just mentioned on the call that there are certain licensing 
agreements that you are working on with Nokia. Could you just 
elaborate on that? 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
All I can say is really at this stage is that we are firmly entrenched in 
the navigation business unit and due to certain confidentiality clauses 
that we have within our agreement with Nokia, we cannot really go 
into further detail as to what specifically are the projects. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Could you just elaborate on how the joint venture with Zed is coming 
along? 
Gautam Sabharwal: 
Uday you want to take the Zed question? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Zed has closed a couple of deals in India recently to manage IDEA 
and other operator on-deck portal. That is going to live in the next 10 
to 15 days. We have done one more deal with I think Ericsson last 
week and Ericsson in turn is managing one of the operation desks in 
India, so we have seen some traction on that front. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Sir, these are essentially for managing the operator decks? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
And where will the content for this be sourced from, is that from 
Zed? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Zed is sourcing the content mainly from the parent company, TZ-
mobile is sourcing the content from Zed for international content and 
from the local I think they are sourcing from different vendors within 
India. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Sir, just curios about what sort of a revenue impact you see that 
having in your business not that this is finally being operationalized? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I think I would like to see at least one or two quarters before I 
comment on that. 
Nikhil Pahwa: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
You were saying the current assets are around 450 Crores and what 
about current liabilities? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Current liabilities 36.2 Crores. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from Sheetal 
Maheshwari. Please go ahead. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
Can you just give the bifurcation of the current assets? How much is 
Cash and investment component of that? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
The loans and advances 161 Crores and cash and bank balance 121 
Crores, and sundry debtors 162 Crores, and products under 
development around 43 Crores and the goodwill is around 83 Crores, 
then capital work-in-progress is around 88 Crores and the net block is 
around 299 Crores, and from there we have to deduct current 
liabilities and asset 36 Crores to arrive at 452 Crores current assets. 
Sheetal Maheswari: 
Thanks a lot sir 

 
 
 
                           Tanla Solutions Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2010 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Maheshwari. Thank you, Mr. Reddy. Sir, would you 
like to provide any closing comments? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
If you have any questions please drop us an email and we will happy 
to answer your mail and all the best and thanks for coming on the 
call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Reddy and thank you Mr. Sabharwal. Ladies and 
gentlemen on behalf of Tanla Solutions Limited that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
